Suspected bombs exploded outside the U.S. embassies in the capitals of Kenya and Tanzania on Friday, killing dozens of people, witnesses said.
The American ambassador to Kenya was among hundreds injured, local television reported.
"It was definitely a bomb," said a U.S. Embassy official in Nairobi who did not want to be identified.
"You can see a huge crater behind the building and at the same time a bomb exploded in the embassy in Tanzania," he said.
Terrorist attacks on US embassies in Kenya and Tanzania blew up buildings and buses, trapping people under concrete slabs and twisted steel that rescuers cleared with cranes, flashlights and bare hands.
At least 82 people were killed and more than 1,700 injured, authorities said at dawn on Saturday.
Dozens of people are still missing and the death toll is expected to rise, it said.
The suspected car bomb attacks occurred 700 kilometres apart on Friday, but only minutes apart, turning busy streets in two African capitals into bloody piles of concrete and steel knots.
"This appears to have been a very well-coordinated, very well-planned attack - clearly not the work of amateurs," U.S. National Security Council spokesman P.J. Crowley said in Washington.
No one has claimed responsibility.
(0735 GMT) on Friday, bringing down a crowded building toward the embassy and a street full of cars, trucks and buses.
At least 75 people were killed and 1,643 injured there, Red Cross and emergency services officials said.
The bomb outside the U.S. Embassy in Tanzania was so powerful it shook furniture in homes a mile away.
But the solid construction of the Israeli-built embassy may have prevented the carnage of a similar bomb in Kenya, an official said Saturday.
The embassy outside the center of Dar es Salaam, Tanzania's laid-back capital with swaying palm trees and little traffic, is largely free of the congestion that plagues most other major African cities.
KENYA: Total deaths: 192 Americans: 12 Injured: 4,877 Hospitalizations: 542 Treated and discharged: 4,257
TANZANIA: Total deaths: 10 Americans: 0 Injured: 74 Hospitalizations: 6
Philippine President Joseph Estrada on Tuesday condemned the bombings of the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania and offered his condolences to the victims and their families.
"We extend our deepest condolences to the victims of these atrocities and their families in Kenya, Tanzania and the United States," Estrada said in a statement.
"No cause is so great as to justify wanton murder and mutilation of innocents."
In total, bombings in Kenya and Tanzania last week killed at least 217 people and injured nearly 5,000.
The Security Council on Thursday condemned the bombing of the US embassies in Kenya and Tanzania and called on all states to cooperate with authorities in the search for those responsible.
A resolution supported and unanimously adopted by Kenya, Tanzania and the United States "expresses its deep sorrow, sympathy and condolences to the families of the innocent victims of the terrorist attacks at this difficult time."
It condemns the "terrorist bombings in the strongest possible terms."
And it stresses that every nation "has a duty not to organize, incite, support, or participate in terrorist attacks in another state."
The almost simultaneous attacks on the US embassies in Nairobi, Kenya, and Dar es Salaam, Tanzania, on 7 August, killed 257 people and injured more than 5,500.
"The events of 7 August underline that terrorists know no borders and that the suppression of international terrorism, the arrest, conviction and punishment of its perpetrators are crucial to the maintenance of international peace and security," said US Deputy Ambassador Peter Burleigh.
US Secretary of State Madeleine Albright paid tribute to the bombing victims and embassy staff during a lightning visit to East Africa on Tuesday, promising to track down the perpetrators.
"Together we promise to bring the killers of our friends to justice," she told American and Tanzanian workers at the bombed-out U.S. Embassy in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania.
Officials in Tanzania and Kenya, where she arrived next, also hoped she would provide new aid to their countries, where the August 7 terrorist attacks killed 257 people in Nairobi and Dar es Salaam.
FBI agents, meanwhile, pressed ahead with their extensive investigation into the bombings.
Contrary to other reports, the FBI and Kenyan police said Monday that a suspect who returned from Pakistan after three days of questioning did not admit any role in the crimes or implicate others.
Albright, who arrived after a 16-hour flight, spent about five hours in Tanzania before flying to Nairobi on a small plane when an engine on the Boeing 747 flying in from Washington overheated.
She was due to lay flowers at the bombed-out embassy, speak to Kenyan embassy guards and other survivors of the blast and meet President Daniel arap Moi in a five-hour visit before returning home.
In Dar es Salaam, she laid a wreath next to the crater left by the embassy explosion that killed 10 people.
She then handed the US Marines a folded American flag and, wearing a white construction helmet, inspected the damage inside.
Reporters were also allowed inside for the first time since the explosion and found shards of glass and smashed furniture scattered around the embassy.
Albright helped put up a poster offering a reward of up to $2 million for information leading to the arrest of the assailants.
She then showered embassy staff with praise and the State Department's award for heroism before meeting bomb victims at Muhimbili Medical Center and government officials.
"America is very proud of you, all of you, Americans and Tanzanians," she told the staff.
Albright announced a donation of 500 pounds (225 kilograms) of medical supplies to Tanzania and Kenya from Walter Reed Army Medical Center.
She also promised to ask Congress to authorize an unspecified amount of emergency aid to fund the resumption of embassy operations in Tanzania and Kenya and to compensate the families of the victims.
Officials from the two African countries expect significant compensation and aid pledges for governments whose key tourism industries have been hit by the bombings.
But Tanzanian Foreign Minister Jakaya Kikwete said at a joint news conference with Albright that there were no bad feelings in Tanzania toward the Americans for their handling of the rescue, as there are among some Kenyans.
< unk > < unk > The bomb explosion has no hatred for...
Americans in Tanzania, "he said.
He also urged Albright to tell Americans that Tanzania is safe and that they should continue to visit and invest in the country.
Albright told the secretary of state that the American people share the deep suffering of Tanzanians and said the United States would maintain its presence throughout Africa and around the world.
"These bombings will not cause America to back down or retreat," she said.
The head of the FBI investigation in Dar es Salaam, Kenneth Piernick, said the bureau had interviewed more than 100 people there but indicated that most interrogations had gone nowhere.
"At the moment my evidence is sparse and I will not draw any conclusions from it," he said.
He declined to elaborate or comment on whether two suspects remain in custody, as previously reported.
In Nairobi, a senior Kenyan police official denied a newspaper report that there had been further arrests.
Officials said last week that six people were in custody for questioning about the bombing.
About 200 U.S. Embassy staff and their families left Pakistan today on Washington's orders after a "pattern of threats" against Americans there since the bombings in Africa.
The diplomats were flown to Brussels.
Other Americans were also asked to leave the country.
The United States has the right to defend its citizens against terrorist actions, New Zealand said Friday in response to U.S. missile strikes on suspected terrorist sites in Sudan and Afghanistan.
Secretary of State Don McKinnon said terrorist attacks this month on the U.S. embassies in Nairobi, Kenya and Dar es Salaam, Tanzania, "show that terrorism is an indiscriminate killer of innocent people."
Thirteen days after the deadly embassy bombings in East Africa, U.S. forces on Thursday deployed cruise missiles against suspected terrorist camps in Afghanistan and a chemical plant in Sudan.
"Countries have the right to defend themselves and their citizens against terrorism, and New Zealand appreciates and understands the steps the United States has taken," McKinnon said.
The 7 August embassy bombings killed 247 people in Kenya and 10 in Tanzania.
More than 5,500 people were injured, most of them Kenyans.
McKinnon's spokeswoman said the U.S. had "very good intelligence" linking the sites attacked overnight to the embassy attacks.
U.S. Ambassador Prudence Bushnell closed some unresolved issues on Wednesday and met with Kenya's commerce minister to finalize talks that were interrupted by the car bomb attack on the embassy.
On August 7, Bushnell, Commerce Secretary Joseph Kimotho and others had just finished a press conference in a building adjacent to the embassy.
They were speaking when the bomb exploded, killing 247 people and wounding more than 5,000 others.
Bushnell and Kimotho met again on Wednesday to end their discussion, Bushnell told Kenyan television.
The ambassador was wounded in the lip and hands in the explosion, which damaged the embassy, shattered the glass shell of the 22-storey Co-operative Bank building and brought down the six-storey Ufundi House.
Bushnell continued her duties during the subsequent search and rescue work at the site of the explosion, the memorials to those killed and the transfer to a makeshift embassy.
Kimotho, who was hospitalized with a head wound, said he and Bushnell had talked about U.S. Commerce Secretary William Daley's planned visit in September.
His journey is still ongoing, the embassy said.
The explosion in Nairobi occurred almost at the exact moment an explosion ripped through the American Embassy in Tanzania's commercial capital, Dar es Salaam.
The death toll from the explosion in Tanzania, which initially stood at 10, rose to 12, hospital officials and family members said Wednesday.
Tanzania expelled five Iraqis and a Libyan who were being questioned by the FBI and police in connection with the bombing of two U.S. embassies in East Africa last month, a newspaper reported Friday.
Immigration officials escorted Libyan Atif Issa to the airport and put him on a flight to an unknown destination in the Middle East, said Uhuru, or Freedom, a Swahili newspaper owned by the ruling Chama Cha Mapinduzi party.
Five Iraqis, whose names have not been released, were also deported, the newspaper reported.
There was no reason for the expulsions, and Tanzanian law enforcement and immigration authorities could not be reached for comment.
Almost simultaneous bombings of U.S. embassies in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania, and Nairobi, Kenya, on August 7 killed 258 people, including 12 Americans, and injured more than 5,500.
Eleven of those killed were in Tanzania.
Two key suspects in the Kenya bombing have been handed over to the United States for trial.
American authorities say the attacks were planned by Saudi terrorist Osama bin Laden.
On Sunday, Tanzanian police and FBI agents said they had made "extraordinary discoveries" after determining what the Dar es Salaam bomb was made of and who carried it to the embassy.
They declined to give details.
According to media reports in Tanzania, the ingredients for the bombs originated in the Middle East and were transported by sea via the Comoros to Tanzania.
According to reports from Kenya, the components of the bomb that exploded in Nairobi were transported by road from Tanzania to Kenya.
East African nations share a long and largely unguarded border.
On 2 September, police searched two houses in the Comoros archipelago off the coast of Tanzania and searched for a suspect in the bombings, identified as Abdallah Mohammed Fadhul, a Comorian Muslim who had lived in Sudan with his wife until shortly after the attacks.
U.S. Surgeon General David Satcher led a team of medical specialists to Africa on Wednesday to help victims of terrorist attacks on the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania.
"We want to build on the long-term partnership between our countries to help innocent Kenyans who have suffered as a result of the bombings," Satcher told a news conference.
"At the same time, we want to help Kenya prepare for future medical disasters, regardless of their cause."
The August 7 bombings killed 259 people, including 12 Americans, and wounded more than 5,500.
The US team includes plastic surgeons with experience in physical reconstruction and a psychiatrist who worked in Oklahoma City, where a 1995 bombing killed 168 people.
The team was due to leave Nairobi for Dar es Salaam on Thursday.
In addition to meeting the immediate physical and emotional needs of bomb victims, the United States will consider setting up a disaster response center in Kenya, Satcher said.
In addition to providing assistance using resources from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Satcher said he would report additional needs to Congress.
US President Bill Clinton has asked Congress for $50 million in emergency aid for Tanzania and Kenya.
The US government has already provided $3.2 million to the two countries.
On Friday, the Kenyan government agreed to pay 100,000 Kenyan shillings (1,667 euros) each for the first 32 victims.
Poland, Hungary and the Czech Republic can now participate in NATO's strategic planning because all NATO member states have agreed to join, German Defense Minister Rudolf Scharping said on Saturday.
Earlier this week, the Netherlands was the last country to ratify NATO's enlargement to include the three former Warsaw Pact states.
The three are expected to join NATO in April to mark the 50th anniversary.
If their membership is secured, they can also participate in the planning for the NATO summit in April.
Sharping said at the end of a two-day visit that Poland was well prepared to join the alliance.
Germany has strongly advocated Poland's accession to NATO and said it would serve European security and stability.
Preliminary DNA tests link a missing abortion opponent to a strand of hair found near where a sniper shot dead a Buffalo, New York, doctor performing abortions, a law enforcement official said Friday.
The first round of DNA tests on the hair at the FBI lab here showed a high probability that it came from the same person as a hair found at a New Jersey home where James C. Kopp, a 44-year-old anti-abortion activist, lived last year, the official said.
Initial DNA tests did not rule out a match between the two strands.
Kopp has eluded authorities since they obtained an arrest warrant for him as a key witness in the October 23 shooting death of Dr. Barnett Slepian, a 52-year-old gynecologist and obstetrician who performed abortions.
The search for Kopp was recently expanded to Mexico.
Meanwhile, FBI agents and Metropolitan Police officers assigned to a joint terrorism task force searched the crowd of anti-abortion protesters at the annual March for Life on Capitol Hill because Kopp has either participated in or been arrested in each of the past three years, according to another law enforcement official.
Both officials requested anonymity.
The FBI is conducting further DNA tests on the hair found outside Dr. Slepian's home.
These more extensive tests could allow officials to determine an absolute match between the two strands of hair, the first law enforcement official said.
"Ultimately, we would have to have a hair removed by Kopp himself to conclude that the hair from the crime scene is his," the official added.
The official said the hair was in a cap that authorities found near the spot from which the sniper allegedly fired the bullet that killed Slepian as he stood in the kitchen of his home in the Buffalo suburb of Amherst, New York.
But The Buffalo News reported Friday that the hairs were in a package containing at least two bullets that was found buried more than 50 feet from a tree in the ground that police believe the sniper was standing and firing.
Last week, during an official visit to Mexico, FBI Director Louis Freeh asked Mexican authorities to join the hunt for Kopp, federal officials said.
Kopp was driven to Mexico by a friend after the shooting and had a trail of her credit card receipts leading to Mexico, federal authorities said.
A customs video from a border crossing also showed the woman's car returning from Mexico, officials said.
Authorities obtained a physical witness warrant against Kopp after they said Kopp's car was discovered in Amherst in the weeks before Slepian's death.
Kopps' 1987 Chevrolet Cavalier was discovered last month at Newark, N.J., the FBI said.
The car had been in continuous service for about two weeks, said Greg Trevor, a spokesman for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey.
The creator of an anti-abortion website seen as a threat to abortion providers says the decision to close the site is only a "temporary setback."
Neal Horsley said Friday he will seek a new Internet service for his "Nuremberg Files" page, which was at the center of a federal court case that led to a $107 million ruling this week in favor of abortion providers.
Horsley was not a defendant in the lawsuit, in which jurors in Portland, Oregon, ruled that such sites posed a threat to abortion providers.
MindSpring, which provided the Internet space for the site, shut it down on Thursday night for violating "our reasonable usage policies," spokesman Serge Clermont said.
The website contained the names and addresses of abortion doctors and showed photos of mutilated fetuses and drawings of dripping blood.
Doctors whose names appeared on the list have been killed three times, most recently last October when Dr. Barnett Slepian was gunned down by snipers at his home outside Buffalo, N.Y. His name on the website was crossed out the same day.
Pathway Communications, which maintains the site, said in a statement that "The Nuremberg Files" had been removed without notice.
The company said on Friday it had been informed that it was in breach of MindSpring's guidelines on "threatening and harassing language."
Horsley called the move a "temporary setback."
"We are currently looking for a bolder and more principled (Internet service provider) to host the Nuremberg files," the statement said.
Foreign Minister Madeleine Albright has invited the foreign ministers of Poland, the Czech Republic and Hungary to a ceremony in Independence, Mo., on 12 March to mark the accession of the three countries to the NATO alliance.
The ceremony will be held at the Truman Presidential Library.
The venue was chosen to honor President Truman's announcement of the founding of NATO 50 years ago, the State Department said.
Poland, Hungary, and the Czech Republic became full NATO members today, less than a decade after swapping communist rule for democracy and severing Cold War military ties with the Soviet Union.
Secretary of State Madeleine Albright received the admission papers of the foreign ministers of the three countries, which mark their formal accession to the 50-year-old alliance.
"Hallelujah," Albright shouted.
< unk > < unk > Hungary has come home.
We are back in the family, "said Hungarian Foreign Minister Janos Martonyi.
With a touch of symbolism, the ceremony took place at the Harry S. Truman Library.
During Truman's presidency, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization was established to stop the spread of Soviet-led communism westward.
Ironically, just a decade ago, NATO's three youngest members were under the Soviet umbrella.
Czech Foreign Minister Jan Kavan said he was in nearby Kansas City in 1968 to work with the anti-Soviet underground organization when Russian troops swept through Prague during the occupation of Czechoslovakia.
"It is very symbolic to me that right here today we accept the guarantee that my country will never again be the powerless victim of a foreign invasion," Kavan said.
With a view to even greater enlargement of NATO, Polish Foreign Minister Bronislaw Geremek said: "We should keep the door of the Alliance open to those who have fought for freedom...
Another curtain should never fall on Europe. ""
Since 1949 it has been extended to Greece and Turkey in 1952, Germany in 1955 and Spain in 1982.
The new arrivals bring the total to 19, and many more hopefuls are waiting in the wings: Slovenia, Romania, Bulgaria, Slovakia, Lithuania, Estonia and Latvia.
What exactly NATO will do with these eager applicants is unclear.
The issue is expected to dominate the NATO summit scheduled for April in Washington.
NATO's mission has changed dramatically since its founding in 1949, at a time when the West sought to halt the spread of Soviet-led communism westward - a threat that Winston Churchill warned of in his famous "Iron Curtain" speech on March 5, 1946, at Westminster College in Fulton, Mo., 130 miles east of here.
NATO warplanes helped end the war in Bosnia nearly four years ago and are now ready to intervene in Yugoslavia if peace efforts in Kosovo fail.
A decade ago, military planning in Poland, Hungary, and the Czech Republic was built around the possibility of a ground attack to the west.
As NATO allies, the goal is much smaller armies capable of handling a variety of contingencies.
The State Department said the three new members "strengthen NATO's ability to fulfill its core mission of collective defense, respond to a range of security challenges, and reduce the possibility of another major conflict in Europe that has claimed so many American lives."
NATO Secretary General Javier Solana says: "The accession of the Czech Republic, Hungary and Poland... is perhaps the clearest evidence that Europe is growing closer together."
"Extending membership to these three democracies will help stabilise a region that has historically been the scene of many disasters this century."
But many Russians - and some Americans - are skeptical of NATO's push eastward.
Former Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev says the push east is a rejection of the common European security system discussed at the end of the Cold War.
Russian Foreign Minister Igor Ivanov calls the extension of NATO membership to Eastern Europe "a move in the wrong direction."
"All European states must work together to create a common security system," he was quoted as saying.
"All European states must work together in the interests of all countries and not in the interests of individual groups."
A rifle found near the home of a shot abortion doctor could provide important clues to investigators in the search for the shooter.
Dr. Barnett Slepian was killed by a sniper's bullet in his kitchen last fall.
Investigators said Friday they found a rifle near his home in the Buffalo suburb of Amherst.
The weapon was sent to the FBI lab in Washington to determine if it was used to kill Slepian.
"If it's not too rusty, maybe they can compare the bullet to the gun again," said Walter Rowe, a forensics professor at George Washington University.
The gun could also have clothing fibers, fingerprints or a serial number that can be traced back to the buyer, Rowe said.
The weapon, which was buried a foot underground, was found Thursday during a search of a heavily wooded, four-acre area.
Investigators did not say how close the gun was to the house.
Anti-abortion activist James Kopp is wanted as a witness in the shooting.
Investigators said Kopps' car was seen in the neighborhood in the days before the killing.
Kopp disappeared after the shooting, and the car was found abandoned at the Newark, N.J., airport on Dec.
Officials said DNA test results showed it was highly likely that a strand of hair discovered behind Slepian's home came from Kopp.
An anti-abortion activist who is the subject of an international manhunt was charged Thursday with murder for killing a doctor who was struck down by a sniper bullet in his kitchen.
James C. Kopp, 44, of St. Albans, Vt.
His whereabouts are unknown.
"We probably have reason to believe that this man, James Kopp, is responsible for the death of Dr. Barnett Slepian," FBI agent Bernard Tolbert said.
Investigators have been searching for Kopp since shortly after the killing on October 23.
Until Thursday, however, they had described him only as a key witness wanted for questioning - and not as a suspect.
In addition to a murder charge, Kopp also faces charges of violating the law on free access to hospital entrances by using lethal force against an abortion doctor.
Both counts carry a maximum sentence of life in prison.
The federal indictment also carries a fine of up to $250,000.
The newly filed charges would intensify the ongoing international manhunt, Tolbert said.
In response to the new allegations, Canadian officials confirmed that Kopp is a suspect in sniper shootings that injured abortion doctors in Vancouver, British Columbia, Winnipeg, Manitoba and Hamilton, Ontario, in November.
Investigators would not disclose the evidence against Kopp, but said the discovery last month of a remote-controlled rifle buried near the Slepian house represented a major breakthrough.
The 52-year-old Slepian was shot with a rifle.
Authorities believe the weapon may have been buried before the shooting, with the killer digging it out to fire the shot, then burying it again and fleeing.
Kopp was also linked by DNA tests to a strand of hair found near the sniper's firing site, police said.
Kopp, nicknamed the "nuclear dog" in anti-abortion circles, had been arrested in several states since 1990 for protesting against abortion.
His car was discovered in the weeks before the shooting in suburban Amherst and found abandoned at Newark International Airport in New Jersey in December, investigators said.
Kopp's stepmother, who married Kopp's father when Kopp was in his 30s, said Thursday from her home in Irving, Texas, "I would like him to come forward and say his name if he's not guilty, and if he's guilty, contact a priest and make amends with society, then face what he did."
Kopp is now the second anti-abortion activist wanted by the FBI as a suspect in a deadly attack.
Eric Rudolph has been on the run since the January 1998 bombing of an abortion clinic in Birmingham, Alabama, which killed a police officer and mutilated a nurse.
He is also charged with three attacks in Atlanta, including the 1996 Olympics bombing that killed one person.
Dr. Barnett Slepian, just back from the synagogue, was heating soup in his kitchen last fall when he was gunned down with a single shot through a window.
Slepian's killer is still at large.
But for the first time, authorities have named a suspect in the murder case - anti-abortion activist James Kopp.
"I'm here today to tell you that we have our suspect," said Bernard Tolbert, a special agent in the FBI's Buffalo office.
Kopp, 44, of St. Albans, Vt., became the subject of an international manhunt in November when he was called as a witness in the case.
He was charged Thursday with second-degree murder and violating the law on free access to hospital entrances by using deadly force against an abortion doctor.
Both counts carry a maximum sentence of life in prison.
The federal indictment also carries a fine of up to $250,000.
Kopps' whereabouts remain unknown.
He was last seen on November 3, a day before authorities issued a physical witness warrant for the shooting in Slepian, hoping to question him.
As of Thursday, they had not named Kopp as a suspect.
Investigators would not disclose the evidence against Kopp, but said the discovery last month of a remote-controlled rifle buried near the Slepian house represented a major breakthrough.
The 52-year-old Slepian was shot with a rifle.
Kopp was also linked by DNA tests to a strand of hair found near the sniper's firing site, police said.
Kopp, nicknamed the "nuclear dog" in anti-abortion circles, had been arrested in several states since 1990 for protesting against abortion.
His car was discovered in Slepian's neighborhood in the weeks before the shooting and was found abandoned at the airport in Newark, N.J., on Dec.
The indictment has heightened interest in Kopp as a suspect in three nonfatal sniper attacks on Canadian abortion providers and one near Rochester, New York, between 1994 and 1997.
Kopp is now the second anti-abortion activist wanted by the FBI as a suspect in a deadly attack.
Eric Rudolph has been on the run since the January 1998 bombing of an abortion clinic in Birmingham, Alabama, which killed a police officer and mutilated a nurse.
He is also charged with three attacks in Atlanta, including the 1996 Olympics bombing that killed one person.
The FBI on Monday placed suspected terrorist mastermind Osama Bin Laden and abortion opponent and suspected doctor-killer James Charles Kopp on its list of the 10 most wanted fugitives.
FBI Director Louis Freeh said the U.S. government is offering a reward of up to $5 million for information leading to the arrest and conviction of Bin Laden, who is accused of masterminding the two bombings of American embassies in Kenya and Tanzania.
On 7 August 1998, more than 200 people, including 12 Americans, were killed in bombings.
It is the biggest reward the government has ever offered for a refugee.
Meanwhile, a total of $650,000 is being offered for information leading to the arrest of Kopp, who is accused of shooting Dr. Barnett Slepian last fall at his home in Buffalo, New York. Slepian provided legal abortions in the western state of New York.
The standard $50,000 reward for information leading to the capture of a listed fugitive comes on top of a $500,000 reward previously announced by Attorney General Janet Reno and a $100,000 reward previously offered by the FBI.
Reno said Bin Laden and Kopp had one thing in common: Each of them wrongly believed that it was justified to use all the means at his disposal to achieve his goal.
They also have common places unknown to the authorities.
Freeh said Bin Laden may be hiding in Afghanistan, which has been uncooperative in the case.
Kopp had approached the border with Mexico, but it was not known if he had entered the country, Freeh said.
Kopp claims to be a devout Catholic, and the majority of the jobs he has held in the past 20 years have been related to the anti-abortion movement, the Justice Department said in a news release.
The State Department's director of international security, Dave Carpenter, said the inclusion of Bin Laden on the most-wanted list underscores "the unwavering commitment of the United States to the fight against terrorism."
The FBI continues to receive threats from individuals and organizations with ties to Bin Laden, Freeh said.
Carpenter said the U.S. government's counterterrorism program has paid more than $6 million for credible information in about 20 cases worldwide.
On the FBI list, Bin Laden and Kopp replace two former Libyan intelligence officers indicted on December 21, 1988, for the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 that killed 259 people on the plane and 11 on the ground in Lockerbie, Scotland.
The two were removed from the list after Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi agreed in April to try them in the Netherlands, a neutral place.
Lamen Khalifa Fhimah and Abdel Basset Ali al-Megrahi are charged with murder, conspiracy to murder and violating international aviation security laws.
Bin Laden and Kopp are the 455th and 456th people on the FBI's wanted list.
Since then, 427 fugitives have been taken into custody or tracked down, 133 of them for citizen assistance, the FBI said.
Six suspects in the Bin Laden investigation are known to be in custody at the Metropolitan Correctional Center in New York.
Another eight suspects, including Bin Laden, were charged but not caught.
Another suspect is awaiting extradition from Britain.
The FBI says Bin Laden is the leader of a terrorist organization called Al-Aqeda, "The Base." "
Kopp wears glasses, walks limply, is 1.80 meters tall and weighs 150 to 175 kilos.
Slepian was killed by a single shot fired from a wooded area through a window of his home.
Before the shooting, Kopp had traveled around the country and the world, authorities said.
He has been arrested more than a dozen times during abortion protests in seven states and Italy, but has no criminal record.
He used 29 aliases, Freeh said.
A man whose house was allegedly a bomb factory has been arrested and brought to the United States in connection with last year's deadly bombings of the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania.
The suspect - Khalfan Khamis Mohamed - was scheduled to appear before a U.S. judge in Manhattan at noon, U.S. Attorney Mary Jo White said today.
The latest arrest brings the number of people in custody in connection with the bombings to nine.
White leads a team investigating and tracking the bombings that killed 224 people, including 12 Americans, on August 7, 1998.
Mohamed, 24, is said to have rented a house in his native Tanzania that was used as a bomb factory.
In Cape Town, South Africa, police spokesman Capt. Rod Beer said the FBI arrested Mohamed in the early hours of Thursday at the city's airport as he was about to be deported for illegal entry.
Cape Argus newspaper in Cape Town reported that accomplices were being sought in the region.
Seventeen people have been charged in the case.
Bin Laden is accused of masterminding the attack and is on the FBI's 10 Most Wanted List.
A $5 million reward has been offered for his capture.
The bombs went off almost simultaneously.
The explosion in Dar-es-Salaam, Tanzania, killed 11 people, including no American.
Another man has been arrested in connection with last year's bombings of US embassies in Kenya and Tanzania that killed 224 people, police said today.
"I can confirm that one person has been arrested in connection with the embassy bombings and the FBI was involved in the arrest," police spokesman Capt. Rod Beer said.
Beer said he did not know where the man was being held or further details.
The arrest brought the number of people taken into custody in connection with the bombings to nine.
US authorities have scheduled a press conference in New York today.
The Cape Argus newspaper reported today that a man from Tanzania has been arrested and that authorities are looking for accomplices.
The Argus quoted immigration officer Jurie de Wet as saying the arrests were due to information about asylum applications and temporary stays in Cape Town.
Seventeen people have been charged in the case.
It was not immediately known whether the arrest announced today was related to the indictment.
Bin Laden, who is accused of masterminding the attack, is on the FBI's 10 Most Wanted List.
A $5 million reward has been offered for his capture.
The bombs went off almost simultaneously on 7 August 1998 at the US embassies in Nairobi, Kenya and Dar es Salaam, Tanzania.
About 500 people attended a memorial service Sunday night for the Buffalo-area doctor who performed abortions, a year after he was killed by a sniper's bullet.
A nurse critically injured in the 1998 bombing of an abortion clinic in Birmingham, Alabama, was among those attending the interfaith ceremony at a Presbyterian church for Dr. Barnett Slepian.
Police stood guard outside and about 25 undercover officers were scattered in the crowd.
"Security is tight," said Marilynn Buckham of Buffalo Gyn Womanservices, a sponsor of the ceremony.
< p > But it's not tonight that we're worried about.
A memorial service planned for Saturday at the University of Rochester was canceled after security plans were leaked.
Slepian was killed by a sniper hiding in his backyard on October 23, 1999.
On the same day, the Slepian family sent a fax to local police saying that abortion providers had been warned that one of them could be the target of an attack.
James Kopp, 44, was charged with murder on May 6.
Kopp remains at large and police admit they do not know where he is, despite a worldwide manhunt and a $1 million reward.
"It's very frustrating to know he's out there," Buckham said.
Sunday's service - a Jewish ceremony in which the dead are commemorated by lighting a 24-hour candle - included lighting candles for the seven dead and 12 wounded who have been killed in abortion-related violence since 1993.
A tearful audience also listened to nurse Emily Lyons, who has undergone a series of surgeries and permanently damaged her eyesight since the bombing of an Alabama clinic.
She said Slepian and other abortion providers had been killed.
"They paid a terrible price for reproductive freedom and the women they served," she said.
"They risked their lives for this freedom."
U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright traveled to East Africa on Tuesday to show American support in the wake of the bombings of U.S. embassies that killed mostly African victims.
"To the American embassy staff in Nairobi and Dar es Salaam, I will convey a message of solidarity in their grief, admiration for their courage and support for their continued efforts on behalf of our country," Albright said Monday before leaving Andrews Air Force Base in Maryland.
"I will bring a message of friendship to the people of Kenya and Tanzania, deepened by our shared grief, and support to do everything in our power to alleviate their suffering and help them begin a new beginning."
After a 16-hour flight, Albright is scheduled to spend just five hours on the ground in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania, her first stop Tuesday morning, and then about five and a half hours in Nairobi, Kenya, later in the day before returning home immediately.
Albright's visit to East Africa was intended in part to demonstrate US resolve in the face of growing terrorist threats to Americans.
Some Kenyans have complained that after the Nairobi bombing, rescuers prioritized finding American victims and protecting evidence at the expense of saving African lives.
But Albright and other U.S. officials have vehemently denied that notion, saying the priority has been to rescue all manner of people, African and American.
On Friday, as Albright withdrew his vacation plans for a hastily planned trip to East Africa, the State Department lifted a travel warning for Kenya, whose economy relies heavily on foreign visitors to further ease the burden after the tragedy.
Just before Albright's one-day trip, the State Department issued an updated "global warning" to U.S. travelers on Sunday following the August 7 bombings of American embassies in Kenya and Tanzania and new threats to U.S. interests abroad.
An accompanying statement explicitly warned against "travelling to Pakistan."
The State Department also ordered the departure of all staff and families of embassy staff in Islamabad and U.S. consulates in Karachi, Lahore and Peshawar.
The warnings came after Pakistan handed over a suspect in the bombings of the U.S. Embassy, Mohammed Saddiq Odeh, also known as Mohammad Sadiq Howaida and Abdull Bast Awadh, to Kenyan officials.
The first batch of evidence from the Nairobi bombing arrived at the FBI lab at its Washington headquarters over the weekend and is being analyzed, FBI officials said Monday.
Many more deliveries are expected, but the first batch contained cotton buds taken from the blast site in hopes of picking up microscopic residues that could clearly identify what the bomb was made of.
A U.S. official said last week that field tests indicated the presence of a Czech-made plastic explosive called Semtex, which has already been used by terrorist groups.
The US government's decision to send six-year-old Elian González back to Cuba is an important step, but does not guarantee that the boy will be returned, the communist leadership warned.
'Nothing is certain about his return to Cuba, 'a government statement read Wednesday night at a pro-Castro rally, which was also attended by President Fidel Castro.
The exiled Cubans in Miami will now "use all their resources to obstruct or delay the decision of the Immigration and Naturalization Department."
The government urged citizens to continue the mass protests and press for Elian's return until the boy returns home.
We cannot stop mobilising!
The struggle must not stop for a minute! "was the message read by Hassan Perez, president of the government's student union, during the rally of several thousand Cuban scholars.
Cuba appealed to world opinion, especially the American public, to prevent its enemies in Miami from trying to block the child's return.
His mother died trying to bring Elian and himself to the United States.
The boy's father, Juan Miguel González, lives in Cuba and wants him back.
But Elian's relatives in Miami have fought to keep the boy permanently, saying they could offer him a better life than he would have on the communist island.
They announced that they would appeal against the decision announced on Wednesday by INS Commissioner Doris Meissner that Elian must be returned to his father by 14 January.
Gonzalez has not appeared in public since the announcement.
Neither he nor Elian's four grandparents could be found Wednesday in their hometown of Cardenas, east of Havana.
While state television broadcast footage of exiled Cubans protesting in Miami against the repatriation of Elian González, the Cuban government called on the population to continue their own demonstrations to ensure the boy's return.
The unusual nature of the protests against President Fidel Castro seemed aimed at warning Cuban citizens that exiled Cubans from South Florida could still force the US government to reverse its decision to send Gonzalez back to Cuba.
Castro took part in a rally of media workers outside the Congress Palace in Havana on Thursday to demand Gonzalez's return.
For weeks, the communist government has held such rallies almost daily.
"The Elian case is for today's youth what 40 years of blockade, armed invasions, sabotage and assassination attempts against President Fidel Castro were for previous generations," said Cuban journalist Luis Baez, who has written several books on Cuban emigration to the United States.
After the rally, state television showed Cubans in exile on the streets of Miami, some carrying signs that read "Freedom for Elian," the same rallying cry that was regularly chanted at rallies this side of the Florida Strait.
A spokesman described the exiles as "criminals" and "mafia members."
Hundreds of Cubans chanted "Freedom!
Liberty! "blocked intersections and cut off access to the Port of Miami.
In one case, riot police had to use tear gas to clear them.
After the boy's relatives in Miami said they were looking for ways to circumvent Wednesday's decision by the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement to return the child by January 14, the Cuban government urged citizens to continue to gather.
Cuban exiles in Miami would now "do everything possible to prevent or delay the verdict," Cuba predicted on Wednesday.
We cannot stop mobilising!
The fight must not stop for a minute! "read a message read to several thousand gathered Cuban scientists on Wednesday evening.
Elian, who was rescued by fishermen off the Florida coast on November 25, has become the subject of an international custody dispute.
His mother died in a boating accident while trying to bring Elian and himself to the United States.
The boy's father, Juan Miguel González, lives in Cuba and wants Elian back.
But Elian's relatives in Miami have fought for the boy's whereabouts, saying they could give him a better life.
Since the INS decision was announced on Wednesday, they have announced that they will appeal the decision.
Gonzalez has not appeared in public since the announcement.
Neither he nor Elian's four grandparents were able to settle in their hometown of Cardenas, east of Havana.
To prevent Elian Gonzalez's return to Cuba, an anti-Castro lawmaker on Friday asked him to testify before a congressional committee, and one of his relatives from Miami has tried to become his legal guardian.
Rep. Dan Burton, R-Ind., said he has summoned 6-year-old Elian to testify before the House Committee on Government Reform on February 10 so he can stay in the country while the courts consider his case.
About 100 supporters cheered wildly when Elian - who held the summons in front of his face while being held aloft by a relative - appeared outside the house where he was staying with relatives.
He gave the peace sign before going home.
Juan Miguel Gonzalez said during a news conference in his hometown of Cardenas.
< p > I am Elian's father and have said that I am the only one who can speak for him
< p > Why should it be delayed?
Elian was found by a hose in the sea on Thanksgiving Day after his mother, stepfather and eight other people drowned while trying to reach Florida by boat.
The boy was placed with his great-uncle and great-aunt in Miami, but the Immigration and Naturalization Department ruled Wednesday that he must be returned to his father in Cuba by January 14.
The decision sparked protests in the Cuban-American community.
Burton, the committee's chairman, said in a statement that he had "issued a subpoena to Elian Gonzalez to ensure that no hasty action is taken until the Florida State Court in Miami can properly handle the Gonzalez case."
A 1996 law named after him and Sen. Jesse Helms, R-N.C., tightened the 1959 trade embargo on Cuba.
Committee sources, speaking on condition of anonymity, said that while the subpoena stipulates that Elian must attend the hearing in Washington, it is highly unlikely that his actual appearance will be sought.
"The United States Congress grants Elian González what INS and this administration do not have, namely his legal right and his right to due process," said Jorge Mas Santos, chairman of the Cuban American National Foundation.
'It gives him the protection that he won't be sent back to Cuba until February 10. '
On Friday, lawyers filed a motion on behalf of Elian's great uncle Lazaro Gonzalez.
It was an attempt by his relatives in Miami to gain guardianship and then apply for admission to the United States and asylum, said David Abraham, an immigration law professor at the University of Miami.
Neither the lawyers nor Elian's relatives wanted to comment ahead of the judge's ruling, which is expected early next week.
Meanwhile, in Cuba, tens of thousands of people gathered in a seaside square on Friday night to demand his return.
"Elian, Cardenas is waiting for you... with kisses," sang a Cuban country band.
Also on Friday, Miami-Dade Mayor Alex Penelas and Miami Mayor Joe Carollo, accompanied by a family lawyer, flew to Washington to address Attorney General Janet Reno directly.
Gov. Jeb Bush also called on President Clinton to reverse the INS order.
Reno said it is reviewing the issues raised at the meeting and the lawsuit in state court.
"I intend to respond as quickly as possible," she said in a statement.
Reno said it had been consulted on the INS decision and approved it.
Clinton said Friday that the INS did the right thing.
"I think they complied with the law," Clinton said.
We need to keep this out of the political process as much as possible. "
In contrast to Thursday, when two Cuban exile leaders and 133 other people were arrested and police used tear gas to disperse a crowd, protesters in Miami were markedly quieter on Friday.
However, the Cuban exile community called for more civil disobedience.
About 100 protesters marched outside the federal building in Orlando on Friday night, waving Cuban and American flags and chanting "Cuba libre" and "Long live the United States."
Two men carried a banner reading "President Clinton, please keep Elian in the United States."
Protesters planned a large demonstration in Little Havana on Saturday and planned to bypass Miami International Airport on Monday.
"If the child is sent back to Cuba without a court date, all hell breaks loose," said Jose Basulto, founder of the anti-Castro group Brothers to the Rescue.
The rally in Cardenas, Cuba, was marked by songs, tears and personal memories.
It was the most personal and emotional since early December, when Cuban President Fidel Castro promised a mass mobilization until the boy was returned to his father.
Elian's father, his four grandparents and his great-grandmother began to cry as they sat in a row of chairs in front of the stage while the group sang about the boy's mother.
Gonzalez looked particularly distraught, his eyes red with tears.
During the day Friday, Elian played in his relative's yard with a puppy named Dolphin, a gift from Rep. Lincoln Diaz-Balart, R-Fla.
The black labrador chased Elian across the yard and playfully choked on his blue football shorts.
"Elian tells me he doesn't want to return to Cuba," said Delfin Gonzalez, another of Elian's great-uncles.
He said Elian wants his family to come here.
Elian Gonzalez's grandmother said she was ready to go to Miami to take the six-year-old boy to Cuba, while Fidel Castro, who is in charge of relations with the United States, expressed impatience with Washington's failure to enforce a repatriation order.
On Friday, tens of thousands of Cuban women - hundreds visibly pregnant and others with young children - marched along Havana's seafront boulevard to the U.S. Embassy, waving Cuban flags and chanting "Bring our son back!"
Elian's young stepmother, Nelsy, flanked by his two grandmothers, led the "March of Struggling Mothers," pushing his half-brother in a stroller.
Cuban authorities estimated that 100,000 women took part in the march.
The protest marked a return to the larger demonstrations in early December, when hundreds of thousands of people attended some of Cuba's biggest rallies since the triumph of the revolution that brought President Castro to power 41 years ago.
Elian, the boy at the center of the international dispute, was found hanging from a hose off the Florida coast on November 25 after his mother, stepfather and others died in a failed attempt to reach the U.S. coast.
He has been staying with relatives in Miami who do not want to send him back to Cuba.
The U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service had ruled that Elian must be returned to his father, Juan Miguel Gonzalez, and set Friday as the deadline for his return to Cuba.
But this week, Attorney General Janet Reno lifted the deadline to give Elian's relatives in Miami a chance to fight in federal court to keep the boy with them.
Ricardo Alarcon, president of the National Assembly and Castro's point of contact for U.S.-Cuban relations, told The Associated Press that Cuban authorities were frustrated by Reno's failure to set a new deadline and the INS's failure to enforce its decision.
"The INS has never announced an enforcement action," he said.
Alarcon, a former Cuban ambassador to the United Nations, rejected suggestions by some U.S. politicians and Elian's relatives in Miami that Elian's father should travel from Cardenas, Cuba, to Miami to pick up the boy.
He said Cuba had not banned Gonzalez from traveling to Miami to retrieve Elian, and American lawyers - and even American officials - had advised against it.
"We have received the same message from U.S. officials - privately - several times that it is not advisable for this man to appear on U.S. territory," Alarcon said.
The concern in Cuba has always been that if González leaves, he will immediately become embroiled in political and legal problems that prevent his speedy return.
Elian's paternal grandmother, Mariela, told reporters she was willing to go to Miami to pick up her grandson if she was assured that she could pick him up and immediately return to Cuba without getting involved in legal or political problems.
< p > I would just go for a minute to get him.
To get him.
No more, "she said.
Since his rescue at sea, Elian has increasingly been referred to in Cuba as "our son," a "boy hero" who symbolizes the government's decades-long ideological struggle with exiled Cubans in Miami.
Reno allowed the deadline to be extended after rejecting an order from a Florida court that Elian stay in Miami until March 6 to hear arguments from his American relatives.
Reno said the state court has no jurisdiction in the case, but that relatives in Miami should be able to make their case in federal court.
Elian's paternal great-uncle, Lazaro Gonzalez, is fighting to keep the boy with him in Miami, saying he can give the child a better life outside Cuba.
He and other opponents of the boy's return to Cuba say Elian's mother died to give the boy freedom in the United States.
While state television broadcast footage of exiled Cubans protesting in Miami against the repatriation of Elian González, the Cuban government called on the population to continue their own demonstrations to ensure the boy's return.
The unusual nature of the protests against President Fidel Castro seemed aimed at warning Cuban citizens that exiled Cubans from South Florida could still force the US government to reverse its decision to send Gonzalez back to Cuba.
Castro took part in a rally of media workers outside the Congress Palace in Havana on Thursday to demand Gonzalez's return.
For weeks, the communist government has held such rallies almost daily.
"The Elian case is for today's youth what 40 years of blockade, armed invasions, sabotage and assassination attempts against President Fidel Castro were for previous generations," said Cuban journalist Luis Baez, who has written several books on Cuban emigration to the United States.
After the rally, state television showed Cubans in exile on the streets of Miami, some carrying signs that read "Freedom for Elian," the same rallying cry that was regularly chanted at rallies this side of the Florida Strait.
A spokesman described the exiles as "criminals" and "mafia members."
Hundreds of Cubans chanted "Freedom!
Liberty! "blocked intersections and cut off access to the Port of Miami.
In one case, riot police had to use tear gas to clear them.
After the boy's relatives in Miami said they were looking for ways to circumvent Wednesday's decision by the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement to return the child by January 14, the Cuban government urged citizens to continue to gather.
Cuban exiles in Miami would now "do everything possible to prevent or delay the verdict," Cuba predicted on Wednesday.
We cannot stop mobilising!
The fight must not stop for a minute! "read a message read to several thousand gathered Cuban scientists on Wednesday evening.
Elian, who was rescued by fishermen off the Florida coast on November 25, has become the subject of an international custody dispute.
His mother died in a boating accident while trying to bring Elian and himself to the United States.
The boy's father, Juan Miguel González, lives in Cuba and wants Elian back.
But Elian's relatives in Miami have fought for the boy's whereabouts, saying they could give him a better life.
Since the INS decision was announced on Wednesday, they have announced that they will appeal the decision.
Gonzalez has not appeared in public since the announcement.
Neither he nor Elian's four grandparents were able to settle in their hometown of Cardenas, east of Havana.
Canadian authorities on Monday issued a nationwide arrest warrant for James Charles Kopp, a U.S. fugitive on the FBI's wanted list for an alleged murder of anti-abortion activists.
Kopp is also wanted for at least two other shootings of doctors who performed abortions.
The Canadian arrest warrant issued Monday charges Kopp with attempted murder in the 1995 shooting of Dr. Hugh Short, who was wounded in the elbow but survived the attack at his home in Ancaster, Ontario.
"It allows us to spread his name across Canada and say he is wanted for attempted murder," said Police Inspector Dave Bowen.
Kopp, who is from Vermont, was charged last year with fatally shooting Dr. Barnet Slepian, an obstetrician in Buffalo, New York, in October 1998.
He is also wanted in connection with the shootings of doctors in Winnipeg, Vancouver and Rochester, New York.
Slepian was killed by a single shot fired from a wooded area through a window of his home.
Kopp claims to be a devout Catholic, and the majority of the jobs he has held in the past 20 years have been related to the anti-abortion movement, the U.S. Justice Department said last year.
He has been arrested more than a dozen times during abortion protests in seven states and Italy.
The FBI says Kopp used 29 aliases.
He was the 456th person to be placed on the FBI's wanted list.
Since then, 427 fugitives have been taken into custody or tracked down, 133 of them for citizen assistance, the FBI said.
A total of $650,000 is being offered in the US for information leading to Kopps' arrest.
President Fidel Castro called Elian Gonzalez's mother "an outstanding girl" and said Friday she was "practically kidnapped" by the boyfriend who died with her in the shipwreck that her six-year-old son survived.
Castro's remarks to a conference of economists were aimed at those who say Elian should stay in the United States because his mother sacrificed his life to lead them to "freedom," a vision he called a cliché.
He blamed Lazaro Rafael Munero, who apparently organized the fateful trip that killed Elian's mother, Elizabeth Brotons, and ten other people, including Munero.
Castro called Munero - who reportedly drove a taxi and ran unofficial businesses in the Cuban city of Cardenas - a "Ruffian" about whom Cuban police had amassed "100 pages of reports."
According to sources quoted by the Miami Herald, Munero fled to Florida in June 1998 and returned to Cuba later that year, only to be detained for several months.
"The mother was effectively kidnapped along with the boy" to make the trip in late November, Castro said.
The Cuban leader said Elian was especially loved by his parents because his mother had previously suffered seven miscarriages.
On Friday, Cuba's communist government celebrated the birth of independence hero Jose Marti with rallies calling for the return of Elian Gonzalez, the "martyr of the boy" at the center of an international custody dispute.
Tens of thousands of children flocked to Havana's Revolution Square to pay tribute to Marti and Elian, the six-year-old Cuban whose rescue off the Florida coast two months ago sparked a tug-of-war between relatives on both sides of the Florida Strait.
In their red neckerchiefs of the communist pioneers, a number of boys and girls recited poems they had written for Elian, described as Cuba's "boy hero" and "symbolic child," and for Marti, commonly known on the island as Cuba's "teacher" and "apostle."
The Communist Party newspaper Granma compared Elian to revolutionary icon Ernesto < unk > Che'Guevara and said the boy < unk > "has forever become a symbol of the crimes and injustices that imperialism can commit against an innocent person."
The commemorations were similar to those held annually here for Marti, the revolutionary and poet who fought for Cuba's independence from Spain in 1898.
But this year, the children wore T-shirts with Elian's likeness and school uniforms.
The commemorations began early Friday morning, as tens of thousands of Cubans marched through the streets of Havana under a torch.
Similar events were held throughout the day in the capital and across the island.
In Old Havana, hundreds of children marched through Parque Central, chanting, "We will save Elian!" "
A small group of girls were wearing handcuffs made of construction paper - an apparent reference to the government calling Elian's whereabouts in the United States a "kidnapping."
Fidel Castro's government has used such traditional political events - along with other rallies almost every day - to draw attention to the case of Elian, who was rescued on November 25 while clinging to a hose.
His mother and 10 others died at sea while trying to reach the United States.
For the past two months, Elian's father has demanded that the boy be returned to Cuba, and the U.S. government has said that father and son should be reunited.
But Elian's paternal great uncle is fighting in court in the United States, supported by the anti-Castro Cuban American National Foundation, to keep the boy in Miami.
Cuba continued to condemn the handling of Wednesday's meeting between Elian and his grandmothers at the home of a Roman Catholic nun in Miami Beach, Florida.
Sister Jeanne O'Laughlin said after the meeting that she thought Elian should stay in the United States.
"First Fruits of the Monstrousness," read the full-page editorial on the front page of the Friday edition of the Communist Party newspaper Granma.
It included more details and criticism of the perceived treatment Elian's grandmothers, Mariela Quintana and Raquel Rodriguez, received during the meeting between O'Laughlin, relatives in Miami and other anti-Castro Cubans.
In an interview with Spanish-language broadcaster CNN, Elian's father also criticized the handling of the meeting.
He repeated allegations that his relatives and others in Miami had offered him money to stay in the United States with his son.
"They're not going to buy me," Juan Miguel Gonzalez said.
"The important thing for me is that they give the boy back to me as soon as possible." "
The Justice Department is looking into whether alcohol-related driving violations or other actions by Elian Gonzalez's relatives in Miami justify moving the 6-year-old boy to another temporary custody facility.
"This matter is under review," Deputy Attorney General Eric Holder said Thursday when asked about the violations.
'We'll look at that, try to make some kind of factual decision and then decide what steps, if any, need to be taken. '
In addition, the ministry is still considering a request by Elian's father in Cuba, Juan Miguel González, to transfer Elian's temporary custody from his great uncle Lazaro González to another great uncle, Manolo González.
Juan Miguel González objected to media access to Elian, which Lazaro González's family had allowed, and to the treatment of Elian by psychologists selected by Lazaro González's family.
Meanwhile, the possibility of a meeting between Attorney General Janet Reno and Lazaro Gonzalez's family resurfaced on Thursday.
Reno agreed to a meeting earlier this week, only to have Lazaro Gonzalez's family withdraw the request.
But talks have resumed, a judicial official said Thursday.
Later on Thursday, two of Elian's cousins in Miami sought support on Capitol Hill for legislation to help keep the boy in America.
One of them, Marisleysis Gonzalez, said at a news conference that reports of alcohol-related injuries by relatives should not affect the custody case.
< p > We're doing what's in Elian's interest.
My family is a very close family, "she said.
Another cousin, Georgina Cid, said Elian's father had intended to flee Cuba himself but was forced by the Castro government to stay and make certain statements.
"He wanted to be reunited with his son - but not in Cuba," Cid said.
She said she and other family members had spoken to Elian's father on the phone both before and after his mother's death.
The father's response when he learned that his boy was safe in Miami was, "Take care of him until I can go to the United States," "Cid said.
A group of Florida lawmakers this month introduced a bill granting Elian American citizenship that would take the decision on Elian's future away from INS and hand it over to a Florida family court.
Support for the law is waning.
Reno has already met with Lazaro Gonzalez's lawyer and a Catholic nun from Miami who oppose his return to Cuba, as well as Elian's two Cuban grandmothers who want his return.
In Havana on Thursday, Elian's father gathered with President Fidel Castro in a packed auditorium for what has become a daily public rally to press for the boy's return.
One speaker after another denounced the United States and extolled the virtues of the communist revolution in Cuba.
A judicial official, who requested anonymity, said the ministry has the authority, if necessary, to transfer the temporary detention to someone other than Lazaro Gonzalez.
The boy was placed in his care after he was found on a hose in the Atlantic Ocean last Thanksgiving following a boating accident that killed his mother and 10 other people.
The Immigration and Naturalization Department granted the father's request to send the boy back to Cuba, but that decision has been put on hold while relatives in Miami fight in federal court to keep him in that country.
Holder said the INS acted appropriately, but "now that we have this new information, we need to look at it and see what steps, as I said, are appropriate."
Florida State records show Lazaro Gonzalez, 49, was found guilty of driving under the influence of alcohol at least twice between 1991 and 1997.
Records also show that Lazaro Gonzalez's 62-year-old brother, Delfin Gonzalez, was found guilty of driving under the influence of alcohol at least twice.
On Wednesday, Ricardo Alarcon, head of the Cuban National Assembly and Castro's key figure in U.S.-Cuban relations, said the convictions prove that the houses of these uncles are no place for Elian.
"Virtually everyone who surrounds him has either joined the prison system in the United States or may do so in the future," Alarcon told reporters in Havana.
Elian was "surrounded by two drunks."
Armando Gutierrez, a spokesman for the relatives in Miami, dismissed the criticism, saying "Elian is surrounded by love."
Elian's relatives and other supporters in Miami say his mother died to give him freedom.
Cuba's Communist Party newspaper, Gramma, published a letter from Elian's grandmothers to Reno and Immigration and Naturalization Commissioner Doris Meissner on Thursday calling for Elian's return.
"There is no material good that can compete with the value of the family, and it is shameful for us that people are still questioning our love and the future that awaits Elian at home," reads a Spanish version of the February 4 letter.
Elian Gonzalez's father said in a letter released Wednesday that he wants Cuban diplomats based in Washington to meet his six-year-old son in Miami and check on his condition.
"We are not only concerned about his long abduction," Juan Miguel González wrote in a letter published on the front page of the Communist Party newspaper Granma.
"We lack direct information about the concrete conditions he is exposed to in his daily life."
Elian's relatives in Miami, who are fighting to keep the boy in the United States and believe Gonzalez is controlled by Fidel Castro's government, are likely to oppose it.
Gonzalez also wrote to Attorney General Janet Reno earlier this week demanding Elian be returned, saying he does not recognize the courts that are handling the custody dispute.
The Justice Department said it was reviewing the letter.
Gonzalez's second letter to Reno in two weeks was published Tuesday in Granma.
"I formally object to the legal actions of those who arbitrarily retain Elian," Gonzalez said in Monday's letter.
In the letter, Gonzalez said he did not recognize the jurisdiction of the U.S. court system, which is weighing an attempt by Elian's relatives in Miami to block his return to Cuba.
Elian has been at the center of an international custody dispute since he was found in a hose off the Florida coast on November 25.
The boy's mother and 10 other people died when their boat sank en route from Cuba to the United States.
Elian remains with his paternal great uncle, Lazaro Gonzalez, who is fighting to keep the boy with him in the United States.
Cuban exiles in Miami say the boy's mother died to give him freedom in the United States, while the Cuban government claims Elian is being unlawfully kept away from his father.
"Juan Miguel must not have written the letter himself," said Armando Gutierrez, a spokesman for Elian's relatives in Miami.
< p > Castro must dream that the family will let Cuban spies into Lazaro Gonzalez's house. '
Lawyers for the relatives in Miami filed a lawsuit in federal court on Monday, arguing that the immigration and naturalization agency could not send Elian back to Cuba without holding a hearing on political asylum.
US government lawyers have dismissed the Miami-based relatives' lawsuit, arguing they have no legal standing in the boy's case.
The INS ruled last month that only Elian's father has the right to speak for the boy in immigration matters.
Elian Gonzalez's father said in a letter released Wednesday that he wants Cuban diplomats based in Washington to meet his six-year-old son in Miami and check on his condition.
"We are not only concerned about his long abduction," Juan Miguel González wrote in a letter published on the front page of the Communist Party newspaper Granma.
"We lack direct information about the concrete conditions he is exposed to in his daily life."
Elian's relatives in Miami, who are fighting to keep the boy in the United States and believe Gonzalez is controlled by Fidel Castro's government, are likely to oppose it.
Hundreds of former combatants of the revolution that brought Castro to power 42 years ago gathered Wednesday night to denounce the Miami-Dade County sheriff's deputies who backed his stay in the United States.
While Castro and other revolutionary leaders sat in the front row of Havana's Congress Palace, a number of former guerrillas called for "our Elian" to be returned to his father on the communist island.
Gonzalez had written a letter to Attorney General Janet Reno earlier this week reclaiming Elian, saying he did not recognize the courts handling the custody dispute.
The Justice Department said it was reviewing the letter.
Gonzalez's second letter to Reno in two weeks was published Tuesday in Granma.
"I formally object to the legal actions of those who arbitrarily retain Elian," Gonzalez said in Monday's letter.
In the letter, Gonzalez said he did not recognize the jurisdiction of the U.S. court system, which is weighing an attempt by Elian's relatives in Miami to block his return to Cuba.
Elian has been at the center of an international custody dispute since he was found in a hose off the Florida coast on November 25.
The boy's mother and 10 other people died when their boat sank en route from Cuba to the United States.
Elian remains with his paternal great uncle, Lazaro Gonzalez, who is fighting to keep the boy with him in the United States.
Cuban exiles in Miami say the boy's mother died to give him freedom in the United States, while the Cuban government claims Elian is being unlawfully kept away from his father.
"Juan Miguel must not have written the letter himself," said Armando Gutierrez, a spokesman for Elian's relatives in Miami.
< p > Castro must dream that the family will let Cuban spies into Lazaro Gonzalez's house. '
Lawyers for the relatives in Miami filed a lawsuit in federal court on Monday, arguing that the immigration and naturalization agency could not send Elian back to Cuba without holding a hearing on political asylum.
US government lawyers have dismissed the Miami-based relatives' lawsuit, arguing they have no legal standing in the boy's case.
The INS ruled last month that only Elian's father has the right to speak for the boy in immigration matters.
President Fidel Castro said Tuesday that his government is concerned that Miami exiles could take Elian Gonzalez to another country or even harm him if they lose their fight against the boy's return to Cuba.
Castro, quoting Cuban intelligence documents on state television, said a group of Cuban Americans in Miami was exploring the possibility of taking Elian and his relatives from Miami to a third nation, probably Nicaragua or Costa Rica.
Castro said his government had shared its concerns with the State Department about the possibility of such a move "that could harm not only a child but also the reputation of the United States."
A State Department official said she had no information about a threat to Elian and was unaware of Castro's remarks.
In Miami, the boy's great uncle, Lazaro Gonzalez, denied that he would send Elian out of the country or leave himself.
"It never crossed my mind," he said.
The Cuban leader first raised those concerns during another live television appearance Sunday night during a speech to about 700 Cuban university students.
But it wasn't until Tuesday that Castro revealed that those concerns had been shared directly with the U.S. government.
Tens of thousands of people paid tribute on Saturday to the men who sparked the Cuban revolution more than four decades ago at a rally calling for the return of Elian Gonzalez.
With the historic Granma yacht behind him, Raul Castro, younger brother of President Fidel Castro and head of Cuba's Revolutionary Armed Forces, likened the revolutionary battle to the battle for Elian, the six-year-old boy at the center of an international custody dispute.
"" Nobody is giving up here! ""
Castro said.
The demonstrators wore T-shirts bearing Elian's portrait and waved red, white and blue Cuban flags on the shore of the municipality of Niquero, where the Granma landed on December 2, 1956, with 82 armed men led by Fidel Castro.
In the following years, the guerrillas waged war against the troops of the dictator Fulgencio Batista and declared victory on 1 January 1959, when Batista fled the country.
Castro pointed to the importance Cuba's younger generations have played in the communist government's struggle to get Elian back from the United States, where the boy's relatives are fighting for permanent custody in Miami.
A father and grandfather of eight children - including a boy who just turned 6, the same age as Elian - Castro said he sympathized with the little boy's father, Juan Miguel Gonzalez.
Gonzalez cited his rights as the only surviving parent of the child in his demands for his boy to be returned to him in communist Cuba.
Elian's mother and 10 other people were killed when their boat sank off the Florida coast in late November during a crossing from Cuba to the United States.
'Today, Elian is the symbol of our unity, 'Castro said to cheers.
'And our struggle will not end with the return of Elian, 'Castro added.
He said the Cuban people would continue to protest against American laws and measures aimed at Cuba, including a four-decade economic embargo and the continued U.S. military presence at the Guantanamo naval base at the eastern end of the island.
In an apparent attempt to show flexibility in the campaign to return Elian Gonzalez to Cuba, President Fidel Castro said the boy's father had offered to travel alone to the United States today to pick up his 6-year-old son.
However, a group trip with the boy's relatives and classmates seemed more likely than a solo trip by his father, Juan Miguel González.
Gonzalez, the boy's stepmother, his little half-brother, a dozen classmates and some adults were planning to apply for American visas today at the U.S. Interests Section in Havana, the U.S. mission here.
The group is ready to leave for the United States as early as Tuesday, Castro said.
Gonzalez said he would leave his son alone if U.S. authorities promised to extradite him immediately and allow him to return to Cuba immediately, Castro said Sunday.
"I am ready to go all alone tomorrow and go where the child is," Castro read from a letter signed by González.
"Only the government of the United States can decide whether it prefers this option," the letter, which Castro read on state television, read.
Gonzalez denied for months requests from Elian's relatives in Miami to travel to the United States to claim the boy.
At the same time, lawyers for the boy's relatives in Miami said they could try to argue that his father was an inappropriate parent.
The White House said there was no evidence of wrongdoing, and the father's lawyer, Gregory Craig, said the "outrageous" allegations were a sign that relatives in Miami were desperate.
It was unclear whether the American authorities would issue the 28 visas they proposed to Cubans.
The group would not leave until Gonzalez had assurances that American authorities would give him custody of his son.
It is planned that he and other members of the delegation in Washington will remain with Cuban diplomats until the results of an appeal by Elian's relatives in Miami, who are taking him into temporary custody and trying to prevent his return to Cuba.
In another dramatic move, Castro announced that the head of the Cuban Interest Section in Washington was willing to waive diplomatic immunity at his residence, where Cuba has proposed that González stay with Elian and the rest of his family during the federal appeals process - which could take up to a month or two.
Castro said that if those who oppose Elian's return to Cuba are worried about handing the child over to "what is considered Cuban territory, then our advocacy group is willing to waive the diplomatic immunity of the head of that department in Washington."
Elian has been at the center of an international tug of war since he was rescued off the coast of Florida in late November.
His mother was among 11 people who died after their boat sank during an attempted crossing from Cuba to the United States.
Elian's relatives in Miami are fighting to keep the boy in the United States, saying they could give him a better life off the communist island.
Gonzalez has claimed his rights as the only surviving parent of the child and wants Elian returned to him.
In its latest deadline, the U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service has set a 9 a.m. deadline for relatives in Miami.
Tuesday to sign a paper promising to hand the boy over to immigration authorities if they lose their appeal in federal court.
Relatives in Miami have so far refused to sign the document, saying in recent days that they would not extradite Elian to his father if he came to the United States.
They had previously said they would give the boy Gonzalez if he made the trip.
Before his speech Sunday night, Castro played the loving grandfather to the 12 first-graders who planned to go on the trip, assuring them that their planned trip to Washington to bring back their little friend was a very important mission.
Castro patted some of the children on the head and assured them that they had formed a powerful "command."
"Not even the Pentagon can handle these kids," he joked.
"" We hope they get their visas. ""
President Fidel Castro said Wednesday night that it was only a matter of days before Elian Gonzalez would be reunited with his father.
"I'm talking about three days," Castro told hundreds of students from across Latin America and the Caribbean gathered in the city for a regional congress.
'The battle of Elian is won - legally, legally, politically, 'Castro said at the end of his speech at the Karl Marx Theater in Havana.
Castro's statement came less than an hour after Gregory Craig, the lawyer for Elian's father, Juan Miguel Gonzalez, announced in Washington that the father would travel to the United States on Thursday with his wife, their 6-month-old son and Fernando Remirez, the head of the Cuban Interests Division in Washington.
'This brave father will leave at 4am (Thursday 4am EDT), 'Castro said.
"" And I at least will be there to say goodbye to him. ""
He said the group would be greeted on arrival in Washington by Craig and Joan Brown Campbell of the National Council of Churches, who traveled with Craig on his lightning trip to Havana on Wednesday.
The Cuban leader said the U.S. government still did not know how it would hand Elian over to his father, but that it would do so quickly.
The U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement said earlier this week that once Gonzalez arrived in the United States, it would begin the process of transferring Elian to his custody by relatives in Miami who have been looking after him since his rescue off the Florida coast in late November.
The Miami-based family is fighting to keep him in the United States, saying it can give him a better life off the communist island.
But González, backed by Castro, has claimed his rights as Elian's only surviving parent, insisting that the child be returned to him.
Elian's mother was killed along with 10 others when her boat sank while crossing from Cuba to the United States.
Since the tragedy, Elian has become a political figurehead for Cubans with diametrically opposed ideologies living on both sides of the Florida Strait.
During his speech Wednesday night, Castro expressed anger that much of the rest of the delegation was not granted visas to travel to the United States to stay with Elian while he awaited a federal application filed by Elian's relatives in Miami to help with his "rehabilitation."
"These 12 children are more important than the doctors," Castro said from Elian's first class in Cuba.
Cuba had applied for 28 visas for the trip, for Elian's father, his stepmother, his little half-brother, a fifth-grade cousin, the dozen classmates and an army of teachers, doctors and other specialists.
Also on the list was National Assembly President Ricardo Alarcon, who served as an adviser to González for the past four months and was a senior member of Cuba's communist leadership.
In the end, the US authorities approved and issued six visas for the four family members, a pediatrician and Elian's teacher from his kindergarten year.
After a weekend of bitter accusations from both sides in the custody dispute over Elian Gonzalez, attention returned today to the federal judges who ruled a key point in the international case.
The 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Atlanta has been asked by the U.S. government to stay a ruling by one of its judges that prevents Elian from being deported from the country.
Such a decision would allow the US government to push for a swift reunion of the six-year-old boy in Washington with his waiting father, Juan Miguel Gonzalez, who wants to return to Cuba.
He has said he will await appeals from relatives in Miami seeking an asylum hearing for Elian in the same court - but only if he has custody of his son.
Concern grew outside the Little Havana home where the boy has lived with his great-uncle for nearly five months.
"The feeling is that the Clinton administration could send federal agents to pull him out of here," said Sergio Navarro, a 39-year-old Miami businessman who spent part of Sunday night with chanting protesters.
Elian's relatives have been looking after him since November, when he was found hanging from a hose in the Florida street.
His mother and 10 other people fleeing Cuba drowned when their boat sank.
The Clinton administration has pushed for the boy to return to his father, ruling that only he can speak for his son on immigration issues.
Relatives of the Miami boy say he will have a better life here and have tried to portray Juan Miguel Gonzalez as Fidel Castro's henchman.
The Justice Department wants the appeals court to overturn the restraining order issued Thursday and also order Elian's great uncle Lazaro Gonzalez to release the boy.
The relatives want the court to allow them to meet with Elian's father without having to extradite the boy.
The trial follows one of the most bitter charges to date in the custody dispute.
Juan Miguel Gonzalez lashed out at his relatives in Miami Sunday night, accusing them of "child abuse" for turning his son against him.
He said they had manipulated his son into believing that his mother might one day show up - in this country.
"This is child abuse and abuse, what they're doing to this boy," Gonzalez said on CBS's "60 Minutes." "The way they're abusing him, turning him against his father... he's suffering more here than in the sea." "
Gonzalez said he did not believe a widely publicized video taken at the relatives' home in which his son said he did not want to go.
Since arriving in the United States on April 6, he has spoken to Elian at least three times and insisted that his son wants to return to Cuba.
"He told me that," Gonzalez said.
Relatives in Miami are laying a pile of toys in front of a six-year-old.
He cannot decide for himself.
Whoever chooses him is me, his father. ""
Elian's relatives in Miami have filed affidavits accusing Gonzalez of abusing his ex-wife and 6-year-old son, which Gonzalez denies.
During Sunday's broadcast, family members and Elian were outside Lazaro Gonzalez's home and did not speak publicly after the broadcast.
Protesters, however, dismissed Juan Miguel's comments as either selfish or Fidel Castro's words.
"Fidel Castro claims the son, not him," said Olga Coto, 56, of Miami.
'He's completely manipulated by Fidel Castro.
He's not telling the truth. ""
Many feared that their efforts to keep the boy in Miami would fail today, on the 39th anniversary of the Bay of Pigs fiasco, a failed invasion of Cuba by CIA-trained exiles that left much bitterness in the Cuban-American community.
"We were betrayed by the government, by (President) Kennedy, and if they return the child, it will be a second betrayal," said Josefa González, who left Cuba in 1962 when she was four years old.
Early Sunday, at the start of Easter week, demonstrators prayed for divine help and waved palm fronds and placards depicting the Cuban boy and Jesus.
Priests joined the crowd for a service.
"There are a lot of people telling us to give up this fight," said Martin Anorga, an evangelical pastor.
"" But we will follow the way that the Lord has shown us, despite those who want to get in our way. ""
The bombings of the American embassies in Kenya and Tanzania spooked travelers from East Africa, just as Kenya hoped for an end to the years-long slump in foreign tourism, and when Tanzania finally began to benefit from a major investment in the travel industry.
Tour operators specialising in travel in Kenya and Tanzania, which have some of Africa's best wildlife parks and sunniest beaches, say there have been no mass cancellations following the bombings in the Kenyan capital Nairobi on 7 August and in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania, which killed more than 250 people.
But they report a series of concerned calls from potential travelers, many of whom are alarmed by the possibility of further terrorist attacks in the region.
"People have called and we have assured them that we don't see any further problems," said Mary Mkimbo, a spokeswoman for Kenya's tourism office in New York.
The US State Department, which does not want Kenya and Tanzania to be economically punished for terrorist attacks clearly aimed at the United States, has lifted the dire travel warnings issued just after the bombings, which urged Americans to stay away from the two countries.
New public announcements on August 13 only suggest that Americans are "exercising caution" when visiting Kenya and Tanzania.
Embassy staff in both cities have resumed work, albeit at new locations.
The bombed-out embassy in Nairobi is expected to be demolished after the FBI completes its evidence collection.
The embassy in Dar es Salaam was less damaged by the detonation, although it may also have to be razed to the ground.
Currently, the State Department says, embassy staff can only provide consular emergency services.
Western diplomats and intelligence officials say there is no reason to believe that terrorists linked to Osama bin Laden, the exiled Saudi millionaire accused of orchestrating the embassy bombings, will strike again soon in both countries.
"The tourism industry is very sensitive to the media," Mkimbo said.
"We expect a slight downward movement in the industry." "
Tourism revenue reportedly fell to $300 million last year, compared with $450 million the year before.
The government has responded to the slump with a series of measures to lure back tourists, including a significant improvement in service from Kenya Airways, the national carrier that has partnered with KLM Royal Dutch Airlines.
The bombing will undoubtedly set these efforts back.
But the lack of infrastructure has worked in Tanzania's favor in recent years, as the number of adventure travelers willing, or even willing, to forgo Kenya's five-star safari resorts has risen dramatically.
The number of visitors to Tanzania rose from less than 100,000 in 1980 to more than 300,000 last year, prompting the government to improve the roads needed for safari tours.
"Tanzania has been underdeveloped for years, and they are now starting to develop it," said Jalal Ebrahim, president of Safaricentre International, a tour operator in Manhattan Beach, Calif.
Ebrahim, whose company has been sending American travelers on safaris in East Africa for 13 years, said his company had received only one cancellation as a result of the embassy bombings and that he did not expect many more.
"We had a cancellation from a couple who decided to just wait and see what happens," he said.
They read a lot, they stay up to date on world affairs. ""
They are aware that terrorism increasingly knows no borders.
The New York Times wrote in an editorial on Monday, October 26:
The murder of Dr Barnett Slepian is the latest depraved attack on the small number of brave doctors who still risk their safety to perform legal abortions in this country.
Slepian was one of only three doctors performing abortions in the Buffalo, New York area, and harassment and threats against him by abortion opponents had become routine over the past decade.
He insisted on courage and belief in the right of his patients to decide for themselves whether they want to have a child.
But a basic commitment to a constitutionally protected service could not stop the assassin's bullet that smashed through his kitchen window and into his back Friday night.
His death shows once again how timid the right to abortion has become in the face of terrorism by anti-choice fanatics.
Their repeated acts of terrorism must be dealt with as harshly as possible by the law enforcement authorities.
If an armed police officer must be stationed outside the home and office of every abortion provider 24 hours a day, then so be it.
Last week, the FBI joined Canadian authorities in investigating a series of unsolved shootings of doctors by snipers in Canada and western New York in 1994.
In January, a week after the 25th anniversary of the Supreme Court's Roe v. Wade decision, a security guard was killed and a nurse seriously injured in a bomb attack on a clinic in Birmingham, Alabama.
Since 1993, three doctors, including Slepian, three hospital employees and a clinic attendant have been murdered.
There have been more than a dozen attempted murders of abortion providers in the past five years.
Arson attacks and bombings of clinics are now so widespread that many no longer make the national news.
It is bad enough that conservatives in Congress and state legislatures are working to dismantle reproductive rights by banning certain procedures, such as so-called partial-birth abortion, and requiring waiting times and parental consent before an abortion can be performed.
But these restrictions are at least imposed by the normal give and take of political and judicial struggle in a democracy.
What is outrageous is the attempt to stop abortions by illegal means, by shooting doctors, bombing clinics, or harassing women who wish to exercise their constitutional right.
Some abortion opponents have condemned the bombings and shootings, but others seem reluctant to issue the harsh condemnations that are warranted.
Indeed, one particularly virulent anti-abortion website lists the names of doctors who are said to perform abortions or "crimes against humanity," "with a code indicating whether they are" working, "" wounded, "or" lethal. ""
Such inflammatory rhetoric, and the frequent accusations by some abortion opponents that abortion providers are committing murder, can only fuel terrorism.
The proliferation of anti-choice laws and sustained harassment campaigns by protest groups, even on the verge of murder, have helped make abortions harder to obtain.
More than 80 percent of counties in this country do not have an abortion provider.
In 45 states, the number of doctors performing abortions declined between 1982 and 1992.
Slepian was among those who spoke out against the restriction of reproductive freedom and paid with their lives for it.
Unless these brave doctors are better protected, the next generation of doctors will be less willing to put themselves and their families at risk.
That's what the terrorists want.
They must not be allowed to succeed.
Further details of the killing were released on Sunday.
Slepian's lawyer Glenn Edward Murray said the sniper's bullet entered through a partially draped kitchen window, hit Slepian in the back and came out through his chest.
The doctor's wife and one of his sons were in the kitchen at the time of the shooting, Murray said.
The bullet bounced off a closet and hit the living room, where the doctor's three other children were watching TV, Murray said.
Slepian's wife and son tried to resuscitate him.
He was pronounced dead at nearby Millard Fillmore Suburban Hospital just over an hour later.
Most people on both sides of the abortion issue expressed outrage at the shooting.
But one abortion opponent, the Rev. Donald Spitz, the founder of Pro-Life Virginia, called Slepian's killer a "hero" for "ending the doctor's bloodthirsty practice."
"As Christians, we have a responsibility to protect the innocent from being murdered," Spitz said in a statement to The Associated Press, "just as we would like someone to protect us."
Whoever fired the shot was protecting the children. ""
Most other abortion opponents, however, condemned the shooting and abortion.
In his Sunday Mass at St. Patrick's Cathedral in New York, Cardinal John O'Connor called the killing false, but he urged those angered by the killing to be just as angry about abortion.
"He called on many of these people to express their outrage at the partial abortion, which he called infanticide," Joseph Zwilling, a spokesman for the Archdiocese of New York, said of the cardinal's sermon.
Religious leaders in Buffalo also condemned the shooting.
Bishop Henry Mansell of the Archdiocese of Buffalo called it an "act of madness," but defended the church's opposition to abortion as "respect for human life in all its forms, especially for the most vulnerable."
Susan Dudley, deputy director of the National Abortion Federation, attacked the remarks and called on abortion opponents to change their tactics.
She said the anti-abortion rhetoric had contributed to violent attacks on abortion providers.
"I think when pro-life organizations try to distinguish between themselves and these incidents, they are disingenuous at best," she said.
"They're what these doctors call murderers." "
In Amherst, residents who opposed abortion condemned the attack and said they hoped the perpetrator would be caught.
Men who smoked cigars and drank beer with friends after shooting at the Buffalo Shooting Club in Amherst Skeet said their feelings about abortion were mixed, but they uniformly condemned the killing of Slepian.
Many residents said abortion has gradually declined as a local issue since the anti-abortion group Operation Rescue launched a series of largely unsuccessful "Spring of Life" demonstrations in 1992 aimed at closing abortion clinics and harassing local doctors, including Slepian.
Little remains of the bitterness that the issue evoked in the late 1980s and early 1990s, residents said, and many of the local religious leaders who led the 1992 protests have moved.
"The only people left are the hard-boiled, fanatical people," said Larry Finkelstien, a high school teacher who works as an escort at abortion clinics.
"Everyone else has gone." "
The killing of Dr. Barnett Slepian, a Buffalo gynecologist who performed abortions, has become a factor in at least two campaigns in New York, political consultants and some campaign advisers say.
In the race for attorney general, Democratic candidate Eliot Spitzer, who supports abortion rights, has moved quickly to make the anti-abortion position of his opponent, Attorney General Dennis Vacco, a central issue in the campaign.
And while Democrat Charles Schumer, another abortion-rights advocate, did not bring up Slepian's death himself in the tight US Senate race, his aides say it adds a new emphasis to the issue.
Slepian was shot in the back as he stood in his kitchen on Friday night.
No suspects have been identified.
Even before the assassination, Schumer was trying to draw more attention to the anti-abortion record of his opponent, Senator Alfonse D'Amato, a Republican who is also running on the Right to Life Party line.
In a New York Times / CBS News poll completed Saturday, 69 percent of respondents said they did not know D'Amato's position on abortion, and only 19 percent knew he opposed abortion rights.
Now events are getting the job done for Schumer.
Slepian's death was one of the first topics raised in Saturday night's debate between the two men, and D'Amato was immediately asked if he opposed first-trimester abortions for adult women.
On Tuesday, the National Abortion and Reproductive Rights Action League plans to hold a news conference to show a television ad made last week before Slepian died - featuring Emily Lyons, a nurse who was seriously injured in the bombing of an Alabama abortion clinic earlier this year.
The ads, said Kelli Conlin, executive director of Naral, a New York state affiliate, are intended to highlight D'Amato's vote against the Schumer-sponsored Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act of 1994.
The measure made it a federal crime to attack or block an abortion clinic.
Now, Conlin said, it will find new resonance and the organization is considering buying more airtime.
"It's incredibly sincere and powerful, and it wouldn't have mattered," she said.
'But the sensitivities are so heightened by the shooting in western New York that it's even more powerful. '
David Eichenbaum, a Democratic political consultant who is not working for anyone in this year's campaign, said abortion is "no longer the driving issue it once was, at least on the side of pro-choice advocates."
But, Eichenbaum said, "Sometimes an incident like this does more to motivate those who are pro-choice, who might not otherwise see it as an important issue to go to the polls on.
She's bringing it home. ""
D'Amato's aides did not comment on the political implications of the assassination, and Schumer's aides did not comment on whether they intended to mention it in any ads or whether the candidate intended to use it in the campaign.
"Both Senator D'Amato and Chuck Schumer agree that this was a terrible crime and a terrible tragedy," said Josh Isay, Schumer's campaign manager.
But, Isay added, "it exacerbates the abortion problem."
Steven Goldstein, Spitzer's campaign spokesman, was less restrained.
"Eliot will make that a huge priority," Goldstein said.
"Ending violence in clinics will be a key theme of our campaign from now until Election Day," he said.
In Sunday's debate against Vacco, Spitzer attacked him for failing to enforce a 1992 court order against abortion opponents who had blocked the entrance to a clinic.
It was the same clinic where Slepian worked.
A federal judge removed Vacco, then the U.S. attorney for western New York, from the case.
He was replaced by two special prosecutors.
Spitzer also criticized Vacco for dismantling the Office of Reproductive Rights, which investigated threats and crimes against abortion clinics when he became attorney general.
On Monday, Spitzer called on Vacco to immediately revive the unit, promising to do so on his first day in office if elected.
Goldstein, who said it was "thoroughly, thoroughly possible" that the issue appeared in Spitzer's ads, defended the use of the issue, saying the attorney general had direct influence over the issue of clinic access.
Vacco's campaign manager, Matt Behrmann, said in a statement that Spitzer had "sunk to a new and despicable low by trying to capitalize on the murder of a doctor to win votes."
"It is possible that New York politics has never seen anything as stark as Eliot Spitzer's willingness to use the unfortunate murder of Slepian as a springboard for his own political ambitions," Berhrmann said.
Several advisers agreed that there might be political hay to be made from Slepian's death, but that it had to be done carefully.
"Trying to score political points with a murder can trigger a backlash," said Maureen Connelly, a media consultant who does not work for any candidate in next week's election.
The anti-abortion activist who was to be questioned after the shooting of a doctor in a Buffalo suburb last month may have fled to Mexico, according to a newspaper report.
James Charles Kopp, 44, of Vermont, was seen in the car of a co-worker crossing the U.S. border, days after a sniper killed Dr. Barnett Slepian in his kitchen, the Buffalo News reported Friday.
Kopp was the subject of a manhunt after it was reported that he was discovered in a vehicle near the scene of the killing of Slepian, 52, an obstetrician who also performed abortions.
The FBI says Kopp is wanted as a key witness in the case.
An FBI official said Friday that authorities were looking into more than 400 leads but had not determined Kopps' whereabouts.
"In all honesty, the FBI does not know where James Kopp is," said Paul Moskal, a spokesman for the Buffalo office.
'He'll probably be in Boston, Massachusetts, as well as Buffalo, New York. '
Authorities want to question the unidentified woman, who is believed to have been traveling with Kopp, the newspaper reported, citing an investigator.
"She may have been with Kopp at some point after the murder," the investigator said.
President Bill Clinton promised Saturday to hunt down and bring to justice those responsible for the bombings of two U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania.
"No matter how long it takes or where it takes us, we will pursue terrorists until the cases are resolved and justice is done," Clinton said in his weekly radio address.
"Turning our backs on those who take risks for peace, weakening our resistance to terrorism - that would give terrorism a victory that it cannot and will not have," the president said.
Friday's explosions at the U.S. embassies in Nairobi, Kenya, and Dar es Salaam, Tanzania, killed at least 110 people and wounded more than 2,200.
The 11 Americans and five Kenyan embassy employees were killed in Kenya.
The U.S. State Department has sent medical and other supplies as well as investigators to the two countries.
The FBI also sent dozens of agents and bomb and evidence specialists there.
Planes carrying medical equipment and backup personnel for the two embassies have taken off in the United States, Europe and elsewhere in Africa.
A 62-member rescue team sent to the bombed-out federal building in Oklahoma City was on its way to Nairobi.
US embassies and military installations around the world have been ordered to erect barriers and tighten security systems to prevent easy access for unauthorized persons - Americans and foreigners.
The Cypriot government on Friday strongly condemned two terrorist attacks in Kenya and Tanzania, calling them a "heinous crime."
In a telegram of condolence to US President Bill Clinton, President Glafcos Clerides condemned the terrorist attacks and expressed his condolences to the families of the victims.
Similar telegrams were sent by the Cypriot government to the presidents of Kenya and Tanzania.
More than 100 people have died, including eight Americans, and more than 1,000 have been injured since a bomb ripped through an office building next to the U.S. Embassy in Nairobi, Kenya, on Friday morning.
A car bomb attack outside the U.S. Embassy in the Tanzanian capital Dar-es-Salaam on Friday also killed six people and wounded at least 58.
No one has claimed responsibility for the attacks.
The Cuban government on Friday condemned the two bomb explosions near the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania.
The State Department said in a statement that the Cuban government opposes such terrorist attacks, which pose potential threats to any country.
The Cuban government also expressed its condolences to the families of the victims.
Two bombs exploded outside the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania on Friday, killing at least 81 people and wounding more than 1,700 others.
At least 74 people, including eight Americans, were killed and more than 1,640 injured in Nairobi, Kenya's capital.
At least seven people have been reported dead and 72 others injured in the Tanzanian capital, Dar es Salaam.
Iran on Saturday condemned the bombing of the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania and expressed its condolences to the families of the victims.
Foreign Ministry spokesman Mahmoud Mohammadi said Iran condemns any actions that could lead to the death of innocent people, the official IRNA news agency reported.
He expressed the hope that "sinister terrorism" would be eradicated through a comprehensive campaign of international cooperation.
Explosions near the US embassies in Kenya and Tanzania killed more than 100 people and injured more than 1,000 others on Friday.
No one has claimed responsibility.
U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright said Tuesday she was encouraged by Kenya and Tanzania's cooperation in investigating last Friday's bombings of U.S. embassies.
"I have been encouraged by the close cooperation with the authorities in Kenya and Tanzania since the time of the tragedies," Albright told ambassadors and chargé d'affaires from 30 African countries in Washington who came to the State Department to offer their condolences.
"I would like to thank you for the help your governments have provided in recent days by sharing information and tightening security at our embassies," she said.
The bombings of US embassies in Kenya and Tanzania killed more than 200 people, including 12 Americans, and wounded more than 5,000.
The United States has sent FBI agents to Africa to investigate the bombings, but there were no significant leads in Washington on Tuesday.
Tanzanian police said on Tuesday they had arrested 14 foreigners in the search for the attackers.
The 14 foreigners, six Iraqis, six Sudanese, one Somali and one Turk, were arrested because they could not satisfactorily explain their presence in the country.
Albright announced Monday that he would suspend a reward of up to $2 million for information leading to the arrest and conviction of the attackers.
She told the African envoys that she was looking forward to visiting Kenya and Tanzania, but would wait until she could do so without unduly burdening the heavily burdened U.S. embassies there.
She also said the bombings would not stop the United States from building "a strong new relationship with a new Africa."
Egyptian Ambassador Ahmed Maher el-Sayed, speaking on behalf of the African envoys, condemned the "cowardly, criminal and tragic" bombings.
"Terrorism is at odds with our African history, our tradition, our culture and our faith," he said.
"Americans and Africans must step up their cooperation in this universal fight" against terrorism.
President Bill Clinton on Thursday condemned terrorist attacks on U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania and vowed to find the perpetrators and bring them to justice.
"No matter what it takes, we must find those responsible for these evil acts and ensure that justice is done," Clinton said at the ceremony marking the return of the remains of Americans killed in the bombing of the Kenyan embassy.
The ceremony took place at Andrews Air Force Base near Washington, where 10 of the 12 American victims of the bombing of the Kenyan embassy were returned by Secretary of State Madeleine Albright.
Clinton said the United States would not withdraw from the world because of terrorist attacks.
Echoing the president, Albright said the United States would "continue to be present everywhere in the world, wherever we have interests to defend."
"She may have been with Kopp at some point after the murder," the investigator said.
< unk > < unk > Kopp could be in Mexico.
He may even have travelled further to Central or South America. ""
A working group of US and Canadian officials is examining the similarities between the attack on Slepian and four others on abortion providers in Canada and New York state over the past four years.
The US Department of Justice has offered a $500,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of those responsible for Slepian's killing.
The FBI has interviewed and released one of two men wanted last week for questioning in connection with the killing of a doctor who performed abortions in Buffalo, New York.
The two men, Ronald Stauber and Michael Gingrich, were named Thursday in a bulletin sent by the FBI's Cleveland office to police departments across the country.
The men have not been named as suspects, and FBI officials on Saturday played down the likelihood that either of them was involved in the October 23 killing of doctor Barnett Slepian.
"We do dozens, if not hundreds, of interviews a day," said Paul Moskal, a spokesman for the FBI's Buffalo office.
'I'm not aware of any information that would treat these two differently or put them in any other category out of the hundreds of clues we examine every day. '
Moskal said one of the two men said he did not know which one had been located, questioned and released.
In its Friday edition, The Hamilton (Ontario) Spectator quoted an Amherst, N.Y., Police Department official as saying the FBI had hinted at possible links between the two men and James Charles Kopp, an abortion opponent wanted as a key witness in the case.
Amherst police declined to comment on Saturday.
Slepian, 52, an obstetrician and gynecologist, was shot through the kitchen window of his Amherst home shortly after he and his wife returned home from the synagogue on Friday night, October 23.
He was one of three doctors who performed abortions in the Buffalo area.
Investigators in Canada and the United States are also investigating four other sniper attacks on doctors performing abortions in Canada and western New York.
Moskal said the two men apparently showed up at Slepian's house the day after his death.
They had tried to attend a prayer vigil for Slepian but were accidentally sent to his house and a police officer on duty took their names, Moskal said.
"They were wanted for interviews just because they were literally in the area after the murder," he said.
FBI officials said they were not sure whether Stauber or Gingrich were involved in anti-abortion activities.
The two men are believed to live in the Cleveland area.
Inspector Keith MacCaskill of the Winnipeg Police Service, a Canadian member of a law enforcement task force investigating all five shootings, said he had never heard of the men.
Moskal stressed that no one has been named as a suspect in Slepian's death.
"The very fact that we are interviewing someone does not make them a subject or a suspect," he said.
INDEPENDENCE, Mo. _ The North Atlantic Treaty Organization embraced three of its former rivals, the Czech Republic, Hungary, and Poland, on Friday, formally ending Soviet domination of those nations that began after World War II and opening a new path for the military alliance.
In a personal and emotional ceremony at the Truman Presidential Library, Secretary of State Madeleine Albright watched as the foreign ministers of the three countries signed the alliance's accession documents, signed them themselves, and then held them aloft like a trophy.
Albright, who was born in Prague and fled shortly after the Communist takeover in 1948, made no secret of her delight at the accession of her homeland and its neighbors to the alliance after a six-year transatlantic diplomatic process led by the Clinton administration.
"To quote an old Central European phrase:" Hallelujah, "" she said.
In Poland, Hungary and the Czech Republic, the moment was marked by small public celebrations.
In Warsaw, Poland, after dark, when fireworks lit up the sky, the Polish flag and NATO flag were raised side by side near the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier in Pilsudski Square.
In Hungary, the flags of NATO members were raised in front of the Ministry of Defense.
And in Prague, Czech Republic, President Vaclav Havel said in a statement: "Never before have we been part of such a broad, solid and binding security alliance, which at the same time respects the sovereignty and will of our nation."
Enlarging NATO from 16 to 19 members was one of the government's most important foreign policy goals, one that arose out of a desire, advocates say, to cement the democratic gains made in the former Warsaw Pact countries after the collapse of communism a decade ago.
But policymakers also faced critics who argued that welcoming these three new countries would draw a new border across Europe and turn Russians against them.
Since Friday, the border between Western Europe and the former Soviet Union has shifted to Poland's eastern border.
In her speech in the small hall, where dignitaries from the three countries sat and the three foreign ministers flanked her on stage, Albright countered that NATO would now do for Eastern Europe what NATO had already done for Western Europe.
"We will do everything in our power to protect our diplomatic and military peoples around the world," she said.
Clinton met with his top advisers at the White House on Wednesday to assess the situation following the two bombings of the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania that killed more than 250 people and wounded more than 5,000, most of them Kenyans and Tanzanians.
Twelve Americans were killed in the bombing of the Kenyan embassy.
Clinton ordered an assessment of the cost of rebuilding embassies in Kenya and Tanzania, as well as the cost of the emergency teams deployed to the two countries.
He also called for a "list of priorities to improve the security of U.S. facilities around the world."
The State Department and the Office of Management and Budget will jointly make the assessments "in the coming days," and the president will submit the report to Congress for further emergency funding.
The director of the US Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) Louis Freeh said here on Friday that the US airstrikes on Afghanistan and Sudan are not directly related to the investigation into the 7 August bombings in East Africa.
"This is an investigation on many fronts," Freeh said at a news conference at Jomo Kenyatta airport before returning home.
"I cannot detail or characterize the kind of evidence we gathered in Nairobi."
He said he could not confirm that there was evidence of a link between the bombings of the US embassies in Kenya and Tanzania and the Saudi millionaire and alleged main sponsor of anti-US terrorism, Osama Bin Laden, who now lives in Afghanistan.
"Hundreds of people have been questioned" and investigators would probably have to take quite a long time to gather evidence about the two bombings to reach any conclusion, he said.
Freeh flew to Washington immediately after the news conference.
US President Bill Clinton said Thursday that he ordered the attacks after receiving "compelling evidence" that US-raided terrorist facilities in Sudan and Afghanistan played a key role in the bombings in the capitals of Kenya and Tanzania.
However, Freeh said that although FBI, Kenyan and Tanzanian bomb investigators had worked very hard and made "very good progress" in the case, no conclusion or decision could be reached at this stage.
After a visit to the Tanzanian capital Dar es Salaam on Thursday and a meeting with Kenyan police chiefs on Friday morning, the FBI chief also said that he was very pleased with the close and effective cooperation between FBI agents and police in Kenya and Tanzania.
The man who hurled a grenade at U.S. Embassy guards seconds before the bomb exploded was identified on Thursday as two other suspects - an Arab and a Sudanese - who had been arrested, Kenyan newspapers reported Friday.
Local sources said the plan to bomb U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania took three months and bombers destined for Kenya were sent through Somalia and Rwanda.
A senior government official who saw the confessions of the suspects was quoted by local media on Friday as saying that an Egyptian Islamic Jihad group linked to bin Laden had planned the attacks.
The car bomb attack on the US embassy in Nairobi killed 253 people and injured 5,000 others.
Ten people were killed and about 70 others injured in an almost simultaneous car bomb attack outside the U.S. Embassy in Tanzania.
Previously, the Taliban government had rejected the U.S. demand for Laden's extradition from Afghanistan.
The ratification process of NATO enlargement was completed on Wednesday after the Netherlands gave the green light.
Poland, Hungary and the Czech Republic were admitted as members of the Western military alliance after the upper house of the Dutch parliament voted in favour of their admission.
All parties in the upper house, with the exception of the Greens, agreed to the enlargement process, as reported here.
The House of Commons approved the expansion at the beginning of October this year.
The ratification process began in February this year, when Canada became the first NATO member state to begin the ratification process.
This was followed by Denmark, Norway, Germany, France, Greece, Luxembourg, Spain, the United Kingdom, the United States, Iceland, Belgium, Italy, Portugal and Turkey.
At the Madrid Summit last year, NATO decided to invite the three Eastern European countries to start accession talks.
Poland, Hungary and the Czech Republic are to become full members of NATO in April next year, when the alliance celebrates its 50th anniversary in Washington.
The North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) decided in early March to admit Poland, Hungary and the Czech Republic, a representative of the organization said Wednesday.
The official said the accession was planned for early March, but an exact date has not yet been set.
He added that a formal accession would take place at the NATO summit in Washington on 24 and 25 April.
The accession in March will allow the three countries to sign the summit documents, which will include the new strategic concept of the alliance and the post-Madrid development plan, the official added.
The Western military alliance invited the three Central and Eastern European countries to join the 16-nation bloc at the Madrid summit in July 1997.
Following the ratification of the Accession Treaty by the Hungarian Parliament on Tuesday, the three countries have completed all the necessary formalities for accession.
Romania, Slovenia, Latvia, Estonia, Lithuania and Bulgaria are also candidates for NATO membership.
The Presidents of Poland and the Czech Republic signed accession papers to become members of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) in simultaneous ceremonies broadcast live on Polish television in Warsaw and Prague.
Polish Presidents Aleksander Kwasniewski and Vaclav Havel signed the preparatory documents in their presidential palaces.
Polish Defense Minister Janusz Onyszkiewicz and other senior military officers also attended the ceremony.
Poland, the Czech Republic and Hungary, which were invited to join NATO in Madrid in July 1997, will officially join NATO on 12 March at a ceremony in Independence, Missouri.
The Hungarian Head of State, Arpad Goencz, signed Budapest's accession document on 10 February.
US Secretary of State Madeleine Albright has invited Polish Foreign Minister Bronisaw Geremek to visit the United States.
In her speech in the small hall, where dignitaries from the three countries sat and the three foreign ministers flanked her on stage, Albright countered that NATO would now do for Eastern Europe what NATO had already done for Western Europe.
We will steadily and systematically erase the line drawn in Europe by Stalin's bloody boots, without replacing it. "
Albright also used her speech to articulate a forward-looking vision for NATO, which celebrates its 50th anniversary next month in Washington, and to defend NATO's potential engagement in Kosovo.
After the Cold War, NATO must be ready to confront an aggressive regime, a rampaging splinter group, or a terrorist group.
And we know that if the past is prologue, we face a future in which weapons will be more destructive over longer distances than ever before. "
The NATO summit will produce an initiative that "responds to the serious threat posed by weapons of mass destruction and their delivery systems."
In Kosovo, where Yugoslav leader Slobodan Milosevic opposes the deployment of NATO-led troops, including 4,000 US troops, Albright insisted that NATO was the best tool to enforce a peace settlement.
"We need to make it clear that a solution without NATO-led enforcement is not acceptable because only NATO has the credibility and ability to make it work," she said.
"And we must resolutely explain the consequences of intransigence," she added, referring to the threat of NATO airstrikes against Milosevic if he does not agree to the deployment.
But in many ways, the day belonged to the Czech Republic, Hungary, and Poland, which, in order to meet NATO standards, had to downsize their Soviet-style armed forces, organize civilian control of their armies, and agree to buy NATO-compatible equipment in the coming years.
It was the spiritual homecoming to the West that all three foreign ministers emphasized.
"Poland is returning forever to where it always belonged: to the free world," said Polish Foreign Minister Bronislaw Geremek, who was a dissident during the communist era.
Geremek said he brought some appropriate memorabilia from Poland to the Truman Library, including a campaign poster from 1989, when the anti-communist Solidarity forces won against the communists.
The poster showed a picture of Gary Cooper from the movie "High Noon."
"It helped us win," Geremek said.
"Today is noon for the people of Poland." "
Czech Foreign Minister Jan Kavan, who lived in London from 1968, when the Soviets invaded Czechoslovakia, until 1989, said he remained animated during his opposition work as an emigrant because he believed that communism would eventually fall.
But he never dreamed that his country would become a member of NATO.
"Joining NATO is a guarantee that we will never again become impotent victims of foreign aggression," Kavan said.
Hungarian Foreign Minister Janos Martonyi, who remembers the 1956 uprising as a 13-year-old, also said that NATO membership meant that Hungary was "returning to its natural habitat."
"It was our obvious purpose to reunite those with whom we share the same values, interests and goals," he said.
But Martonyi also stressed that Hungary understands that NATO membership entails not only privileges but also obligations.
"We will prove that new members can actually increase the weight of the alliance," he said.
The venue for Friday's ceremony was chosen by Albright, who as secretary of state is the custodian of NATO accession agreements.
The secretary made the rather unorthodox decision to choose a location outside Washington because she wanted the ceremony to be aligned with the memories of President Truman, under whom NATO was founded.
On April 4, 1949, Truman's Secretary of State Dean Acheson signed, on behalf of the United States, the Washington Treaty that created NATO.
Acheson was Albright's favorite predecessor, her aides said.
Founded in response to the threat posed by the Soviet Union under Stalin, NATO calls for the collective defense of its members and was originally created with 12 members.
The alliance has already expanded three times, to include Greece and Turkey in 1952, West Germany in 1955, and Spain in 1982.
But NATO has never reached out to its former enemies in the Eastern Bloc.
The Clinton administration began expanding NATO in 1993 after Clinton met in Washington with President Havel and then-Polish President Lech Walesa.
Clinton's foreign policy team remembers these talks because they took place after the opening of the Holocaust Museum, and because they involved two very different Central European leaders delivering the same message.
US Secretary of State Madeleine Albright has invited Polish Foreign Minister Bronisaw Geremek to visit the United States.
He will then travel to Washington DC on March 12 to submit the document.
Poland, Hungary and the Czech Republic officially joined NATO on Friday at a ceremony in the city of Independence, Missouri.
At the Harry Truman Library in Independence, the three foreign ministers Bronislaw Geremek (Poland), Janos Martonyi (Hungary) and Jan Kavan (Czech Republic) signed formal accession documents.
In speeches before the signing ceremony, ministers said that their countries saw NATO membership as a guarantee of security and recognition of their rightful place in Europe.
Kavan said the Czech Republic would no longer be "the powerless victim of a foreign invasion."
Martonyi called Hunragy's admission to NATO a "return to her natural habitat" and said, "It was our obvious destiny to join those with whom we share the same values, interests, and goals."
And Geremek spoke of a "great day for Poland and for the world."
Hungary's accession to NATO has changed the political balance in Central and Eastern Europe and shaken the world order since World War II, Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban said here on Friday.
Speaking in front of the Dutch Embassy, where the NATO flag was raised, Orban said the occasion was the end of the embassy's liaison mission between Hungary and NATO (North Atlantic Treaty Organization).
The Hungarian government held a series of celebrations on Friday to mark the country's accession to NATO.
In a televised address on Friday, President Arpad Gencz called the accession a "historic event" that demonstrated the credibility and realistic approach of the country's foreign policy.
Poland and the Czech Republic were among the first three former Warsaw Pact countries to join NATO on Friday.
The ambassadors of Hungary, Poland and the Czech Republic issued a joint statement on Friday saying that the accession of the three countries to NATO will strengthen Europe's security and help eliminate threats to Europe.
Five of the country's major political parties issued statements in support of the country's NATO membership.
But some other parties and social organizations oppose NATO enlargement, claiming that Hungary's accession to NATO would damage the country's independence and bring new problems and economic burdens.
Poland, Hungary and the Czech Republic officially joined NATO on Friday at a ceremony in the city of Independence, Missouri.
At the Harry Truman Library in Independence, the three foreign ministers Bronislaw Geremek (Poland), Janos Martonyi (Hungary) and Jan Kavan (Czech Republic) signed formal accession documents.
In speeches before the signing ceremony, ministers said that their countries saw NATO membership as a guarantee of security and recognition of their rightful place in Europe.
Kavan said the Czech Republic would no longer be "the powerless victim of a foreign invasion."
Martonyi called Hunragy's admission to NATO a "return to her natural habitat" and said, "It was our obvious destiny to join those with whom we share the same values, interests, and goals."
And Geremek spoke of a "great day for Poland and for the world."
US Secretary of State Madeleine Albright accepted the admission papers of the foreign ministers of the three countries, marking their formal accession to the 50-year-old Western alliance.
"Hallelujah," cried Albright, a daughter of Czechoslovakia who fled her homeland as a child and later became a U.S. citizen.
Ahead of the ceremony, NATO Secretary General Javier Solana said that the accession of the three countries "is perhaps the clearest evidence that Europe is growing closer together."
"Extending membership to these three democracies will help stabilise a region that has historically been the scene of many disasters this century," Solana added, referring to the two world wars.
The State Department said the three new members "enhance NATO's ability to fulfill its core mission of collective defense, respond to a range of security challenges, and reduce the possibility of another major conflict in Europe that has claimed so many American lives."
Their message was that NATO should be used as a mechanism to ensure their countries "democratic progress while dissuading Russia from further imperial intentions.
The U.S. ambassador to Poland, Dan Fried, who was on the National Security Council at the time, said Friday that he remembered being asked to "translate that pious desire into policy."
In July 1997, the Alliance announced at a summit in Madrid that it would welcome Poland, Hungary and the Czech Republic.
Romania and Slovenia, which had tried to meet the standards, were rejected, at least for the time being.
One problem was dealing with the Russians, who oscillated between open hostility and acceptance of the seemingly inevitable.
In early 1997, President Boris Yeltsin told President Clinton that he could live with NATO enlargement.
But, to accommodate the Russians, NATO created the NATO-Russia Council as an advisory body that formalized relations between Moscow and the Alliance.
Poland reacted sensitively to Russia's reaction to NATO membership, and Geremek did everything he could to reassure the Russians.
"We want our NATO membership to serve as a catalyst for Polish-Russian cooperation," he said last year.
Still, the ministers on the secretary of state's plane that brought Albright and the three foreign ministers to Friday's ceremony were asked if they could ever imagine Russia as a NATO member.
Then Martonyi replied: "Silence is your answer."
With the discovery of a buried rifle 11 days ago, authorities in the Buffalo, New York area say they have gathered enough evidence for the October killing of Dr. Barnett Slepian to begin presenting a murder case to a state grand jury as early as next week.
A federal grand jury has already considered the killing under laws that prohibit violence against abortion providers.
Slepian was the mainstay of Buffalo's only abortion clinic before he was shot dead at his home in suburban Amherst on October 23 last year.
But District Attorney Frank C. Clark's decision to begin taking evidence before a state grand jury suggests he has amassed enough material to support a murder charge.
"We're at a point where we know what we want to present to a grand jury," Clark said Monday in a telephone interview.
Although authorities have not said who the suspect is, all attention so far has been focused on James C. Kopp, a 44-year-old anti-abortion activist who has traveled from demonstration to demonstration across the country for years.
Officially, Kopp is wanted as a "material witness" in the case.
Clark said it would be easier to request the extradition of an accused suspect from another state or country than from someone wanted as a material witness.
For now, however, that would be a theoretical advantage, since the authorities have admitted that they have no idea where Kopp is.
Clark said there was "no question" that the discovery of the gun was important in his decision to press charges.
The rifle was discovered a metre underground on April 8, about 200 feet behind Slepian's home.
It is currently being tested at the FBI lab in Washington, but authorities have said it resembles the type of high-powered rifle used in the killing.
Clark said other evidence prosecutors could present included a strand of human hair found at the wooded shooting site that "highly likely" matched Kopps' hair, as well as testimony from a jogger who discovered Kopps' car near Slepian's home 10 days before the 6 a.m. shooting.
There are also videotapes of Kopps' car crossing the Canadian border in 1994, 1995 and 1997, when three Canadian doctors performing abortions were shot at.
None of these doctors were killed.
If a suspect is apprehended and charged in both federal and state courts, federal proceedings would likely be preceded by federal proceedings, giving authorities two chances to prosecute.
New York State's double jeopardy laws would make it more difficult to prosecute a suspect found not guilty in a federal case.
U.S. Attorney Denise E. O'Donnell declined to comment on the federal charges, but she said that in a case like this, potential charges of abortion-related violence, the use of a firearm in an act of violence, crossing state lines to commit a crime, and, if the suspect's act was linked to an organization, would be violations of the so-called RICO statutes, which prohibit an organized criminal enterprise.
The 52-year-old Slepian, a father of four boys, was shot at 10 p.m. while chatting with his wife in the kitchen of their home in an affluent enclave in Amherst, the largest suburb of Buffalo.
US law enforcement officials said on Wednesday they had concluded that James Kopp, a passionate and nomadic anti-abortion activist, fired the shots that killed a doctor at an abortion clinic in Buffalo, New York, last October.
Based on physical evidence - including a rifle found near the doctor's home in April and a match between fibers found near the murder and others found in Kopp's car - officials said they had decided to issue an arrest warrant for Dr. Barnett Slepian.
Kopp, a fugitive, has so far been described only as a factual witness and a federal arrest warrant has been issued to arrest him for questioning.
There was no official confirmation of the decision to update the warrant, but Denise O'Donnell, the U.S. Attorney for the Western District of New York in Buffalo, has scheduled a news conference for Thursday to announce a "significant development" in the investigation into Slepian's murder.
Erie County District Attorney Frank Clark, Bernard Tolbert, the FBI special agent in charge of the Buffalo office, and other investigators will also be at the scene.
Because there is no federal homicide law as such, federal officials said Kopp could be charged under the recently passed Free Access to Hospital Entrances Act, which provides for a sentence of up to life in prison for someone convicted of physical assault or threats against abortion providers.
If Kopp is also charged and convicted of murder, he could face the death penalty.
Slepian, a 52-year-old obstetrician and gynecologist who was the mainstay of Buffalo's only abortion clinic, was shot dead on the night of October 23 as he stood in the kitchen of his home in suburban Amherst, New York, chatting with his wife and one of his four sons.
No weapon was found in the initial police searches around Slepian's home.
But on April 8, investigators, wondering how the attacker could have come out of the woods without fear of being seen with a rifle, searched the scene of the shooting again and discovered a rifle buried a foot underground 200 feet behind Slepian's house.
Clark, the Erie County district attorney, said afterward that investigators believed the doctor's killer buried the gun in the days before the shooting, dug up the gun and fired the fatal shots, then hastily buried it again and fled.
Kopp, 44, who appears gaunt and bearded in FBI photos and whose last known addresses were in Vermont and New Jersey, became the focus of the investigation within two weeks of the killing.
A jogger observed Kopp's car near Slepian's home at 6 a.m. 10 days before the murder and noted down the license plate out of curiosity as to why a stranger had parked there so early.
A six-year-old boy who came to the U.S. coast as a motherless refugee and became a political symbol for anti-Castro exiles must be returned to his father in Cuba, immigration authorities ruled Wednesday.
Faced with the choice of accommodating Elian Gonzalez with relatives in Miami, where the boy was wooed with American toys and theme park visits, or returning him to his apparently distraught father in Havana, the Immigration and Naturalization Department decided that the boy should go home by January 14, INS Commissioner Doris Meissner told reporters.
"This little boy, who has been through so much, belongs to his father," Meissner said at a news conference.
The decision was met with outrage by Cuban Americans, who said the boy would suffer under Fidel Castro's repressive communist regime.
Lawyers for the boy's family in Miami sent protest letters to Attorney General Janet Reno and President Clinton, saying they were ready to appeal if Reno and Clinton despise the Gonzalez family.
Anti-Castro protesters crowded the street near the local INS office in Miami on Wednesday, demanding that Elian be allowed to stay.
"Today is a sad day for the U.S. Constitution... and for the hopes and dreams of Elian's mother Elizabeth," who died along with nine other adults when her boat sank while trying to reach Florida, said Roger Bernstein, who represented the Miami Gonzalez family.
"Nobody wants the boy to be separated from his father," said Ninoska Perez of the Miami-based Cuban-American National Foundation.
'But this little boy has earned the right to be free here by surviving two days on a tube, 'he said.
In Havana, the government reacted cautiously to the INS ruling, warning against "excessive optimism" and predicting that "the Cuban-American mafia and the extreme right in the US Congress" would still fight to keep the boy.
Meissner said the INS decision was made after two long conversations with the boy's father, Juan Miguel Gonzalez, a hotel employee in Cardenas, Cuba, who Meissner said was eager to bring Elian back to him.
Since the boy was so young, Meißner said, the biological father had the right to speak for Elian.
There was "no information" that González, who was divorced from Elian's mother, was an unfit father or that he had been coerced by the Castro regime to campaign for his son's return, Meissner said.
Spencer Eig, a lawyer for the Gonzalez family in Miami, said Meissner's assumptions were "unconstitutional and untrue."
"Elian cannot apply for asylum because of the persecution by Fidel Castro's government," Eig complained.
'If only his father, who is under the control of the Fidel Castro regime, could do it for him... that's deeply unfair and untrue. '
Meissner gave no reason for the January 14 deadline, and it is still unclear how Elian will be returned to Cuba if the González family's appeals are unsuccessful.
The INS offered three options: for Gonzalez to pick up his son, for the family in Miami to take him to Cuba, or for a "third party" to accompany the child to his home country.
Gonzalez had indicated - possibly under pressure from the Castro regime - that he did not want to travel to Miami, and there was "no possibility" that the Gonzalez would send Elian back to Cuba from Miami, Perez said.
A third companion, Elian, frees the INS from the politically uncomfortable spectacle of having to do the job itself.
The Cuban-American lobby is a locally powerful political force that few politicians want to provoke.
Clinton has tried to distance herself from the controversy from the beginning.
"I told you when we started, I will do my best to keep the decision out of politics," Clinton told reporters in the Rose Garden on Wednesday.
But if Elian is forced to return to Cuba, the Clinton-Gore administration, especially (Vice President) Al Gore, will pay a heavy price in terms of votes in Florida, "Perez said.
Cuba experts and custody lawyers said the INS ruling was appropriate under the law.
"It's high time" the boy was sent back to his birthplace, said Wayne Smith, a former Clinton administration adviser on Cuba.
"Every federal court and family court in the United States would award custody to a surviving parent, not a distant relative who leads a more prosperous life," said David Abraham, a professor at Miami Law School and an expert on custody law.
"Maybe we have Disneylands and Universal Studios and all those things dangling in front of the little boy's eyes," Abraham added.
Given the political ramifications, the Elian Gonzalez case is unlikely to be concluded quickly, said Richard Nuccio, a former Cuba adviser to the Clinton administration.
"Since two congressmen represent the district of Elian's family, I don't see how Elian could be sent back by the federal government without going through the court system," Nuccio said.
The New York Times wrote in an editorial on Thursday, January 6:
The U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement made a sensible decision Wednesday when it ruled that Elian Gonzalez, the 6-year-old boy who survived an ill-fated smuggling trip across the Florida Strait, should be reunited with his father in Cuba.
The decision will shake up anti-Castro Cubans in Miami, but INS commissioner Doris Meissner made it clear that the service had followed established policy in the case.
In addition, by setting a return date of January 14, the Immigration Department has given Elian's American relatives time to review the ruling in court.
Elian was one of 13 Cubans who tried to get from Cuba to Florida in a 17-foot aluminum motorboat six weeks ago when it capsized.
Ten people on board died, including his mother and stepfather.
The boy clung to a hose for two days and was pulled from the Atlantic Ocean and brought ashore on Thanksgiving Day.
He was immediately released into the care of relatives in Miami, and just as quickly embraced as a pawn in the toxic estrangement between Fidel Castro's regime and his exiled opponents.
This side has argued from the outset that Elian should not be denied due process because of his youth, and the INS seems to have moved cautiously.
Elian's great-uncle and other American relatives were allowed to live in Miami.
The boy's divorced father, Juan Miguel Gonzalez, was also interviewed and confirmed to the agency that he had a close and committed relationship with his son.
The mother's parents also spoke out in favor of returning to Cuba.
The INS ruled that González passed the test, which in such cases requires the return of custody to the sole surviving parent, as part of its prevailing policy.
"This little boy who has been through so much belongs to his father," Meissner said Wednesday, adding, "The unique relationship between parent and child and family reunification has long been a cornerstone of both American immigration law and INS practice."
The White House immediately announced support for the decision.
It is unclear how the political side of the affair will play out.
Elian's relatives in Miami have said they will appeal, which is their right.
Some of their more militant supporters in Miami, who dislike the prospect of the boy being used as a "trophy" by Castro, have hinted that they might try to disrupt efforts to reunite Elian with his father.
That would mean treating the boy like a trophy in a diplomatic battle that took place decades before he was born.
Good for Attorney General Janet Reno for the reasonable opinion she gave in the Elian Gonzalez case.
Some semblance of constitutional order was needed after a Miami judge turned legal logic on its head to refer his relatives in Florida's appeal to keep the six-year-old in the United States to their family court.
If the Immigration and Naturalization Department's order that Elian be returned to his father in Cuba is to be challenged, Reno has correctly ruled that the only appropriate jurisdiction is the federal court, not the state or municipality.
If the relatives appeal to the Federal Court, the chances of a positive verdict are slim.
For starters, the INS has already taken the position that the only person who can ask for US asylum for Elian is his father, which he will not do.
Furthermore, immigration law stipulates that asylum can only be granted if there is an immediate threat of torture or persecution in the applicant's home country, which no one expects in Elian's case.
It is not enough to argue that Elian could suffer deprivation or oppression in Fidel Castro's failed communist state.
The INS routinely sends potential immigrants back to countries where poverty and tyranny are worse than in Cuba.
Most importantly, after losing his mother and stepfather in a catastrophic sea voyage to the United States last November, Elian needs the love and care of surviving family members who have known him all his life - his father and both grandparents in Cuba.
They may not give him all the material things his benefactors in Miami can, but there are intangibles in close family ties that are more valuable than bicycles and trips to Disney World.
The next item on the agenda for the Justice Department and the INS is to resolve Elian's case immediately.
They must not tolerate delays by lawyers for his relatives in Miami.
Moreover, the longer his return is delayed, the greater the likelihood of meddling by calculating members of Congress playing into the hands of the anti-Castro lobby.
A prominent Indiana Republican has already called on Elian to testify before a House committee, and others in the Senate are preparing to grant the boy US citizenship.
Both tricks are intended to thwart his reunion with his father.
The Justice Department and the INS must not allow Capitol Hill opportunists to cling to Elian.
The angry crowd stormed toward Manuel Gonzalez as he left the Miami courthouse, shaking his fists and shouting "communist" and "traitor" in Spanish.
But the great uncle of the 6-year-old survivor of the shipwreck, rafter Elian González, just shook his head and walked faster.
Manuel González, 59, a quiet bus mechanic, has largely disappeared from the glare of television in a drama that has divided his once close family and could finally be resolved in a court hearing the week of March 6.
He found himself in the middle of the swirling González family saga when Elian's father, Juan Miguel, sent a letter to U.S. Attorney Janet Reno asking for his son to be moved to Manuel González's house.
Alone among his two brothers and two sisters who fled Cuba for Miami, Manuel Gonzalez believes Elian should return to Cuba to live with his father.
Reno rejected the request, but Manuel Gonzalez did not relent.
In a city where even the slightest endorsement of Cuban President Fidel Castro can trigger threats of physical violence, Manuel González filed a motion in federal court seeking custody of Elian so that he could help reunite the boy with his father in Cuba.
It was a move seen by many as bold and principled, but others fear it could be foolish.
"I lost a son," Gonzalez later told reporters, alluding to his own son's cancer death.
< p > I support Juan Miguel because I know what it means to lose a son.
His sincerity did not stop the chatter on the streets of Little Havana or on Miami's ubiquitous Spanish-language radio stations, where callers berated González for playing into the hands of a tyrant.
A day after being chased on the steps of the federal courthouse, Manuel Gonzalez did not come to the door of his modest home in Miami's Little Havana.
"He needs to go to work," said his daughter, Rosa, who said Gonzalez would prefer not to talk about the issue.
After weeks of high-profile sparring with allegations of abuse, spying, and betrayal flying back and forth across the Florida Straits, the chances that the Gonzalez family could ever heal the wounds inflicted by the Elian saga seem slim.
But the family has overcome steep obstacles before.
Long before Elian thrust them into the relentless glare of the international spotlight, the González clan was a typical example of the conflicts and painful divisions that the Cuban Revolution created.
Of the nine brothers and sisters of the Manuel generation, five have come to Miami, while three remain in Cuba and one has died.
According to press reports, Caridad González, the eldest sister, was the first to come to the United States in 1966.
Her brother Delfin, who was imprisoned as an anti-Castro activist in the 1960s, followed in 1979.
Then came another sister, Georgina, in 1983, followed by Manuel and Lazaro in 1984.
Of those who remained in Cuba, Juan Miguel's father, Juan Gonzalez, appears to be the Cuban government's closest ally.
He worked as a police officer in a Cuban ministry, a position that probably helped his son Elian's father get a job in the communist island's increasingly lucrative tourism industry.
The family's experience is similar to that of thousands of others now split between Miami and Cuba, said Damien Fernandez, a Cuban-American political scientist at Florida International University.
"Cubans value their families above almost anything else, but politics after 1959 has managed to divide thousands of families," he said.
For decades, Cuban-Americans in Miami were largely cut off from the families they left behind.
Labeled "worms" and "traitors" by Castro, many have been unable to speak to their relatives, let alone visit them, for years.
The situation eased in the early 1990s, when the crisis was triggered by the end of subsidies from the former Soviet Union.
Desperate for hard currency, Castro eased travel restrictions and allowed Cubans to own US dollars, triggering a flow of cash from Miami that soon became a flood.
By some estimates, the 700,000 Cubans living in South Florida and elsewhere in the United States send $1 billion a year in remittances to their families on the island.
"Families in Miami have become a lifeline, and there's been a big trend toward reconciliation since 1990," said Fernandez of Florida International.
"Although many families are still divided by politics, they have learned to forgive and forget and find common ground."
Branches of the family made regular phone calls, and relatives from Miami returned to Cuba for several family reunions.
But Elian's case has shattered the family's fragile truce, and their political differences have been exacerbated by inflammatory rhetoric between Castro's government and exiled extremists in Miami.
After expressing his opinion, Manuel Gonzalez was reportedly ostracized by his relatives in Miami, especially Lazaro, who kept Elian and went to court to try to keep the boy here.
The day before the federal court hearing last Tuesday, Manuel went to Lazaro's house to try to resolve their differences.
Neither side wanted to say what had happened, but when Manuel returned to his house, he was so upset that he felt palpitations and was taken to a hospital.
He was soon released and seemed reasonably healthy when he appeared in court the next morning.
But as exiled Cubans cheered Lazaro and his family outside the courthouse, their angry jabs seemed to shock Manuel.
But his lawyer insists he will continue to stand up for what he believes is right.
"He's a strong man," Jeffrey Leving said.
'He's not intimidated by anyone to do what's in Elian's best interests. '
To his credit, Lazaro Gonzalez issued a statement urging the exiles in Miami to respect his brother's views.
Manuel Gonzalez told reporters he believes his family will recover "at least in part" from the divisions that Elian's case has brought.
"The wounds of the problem will heal," he told the Los Angeles Times newspaper.
Elected officials in and around Miami warned U.S. immigration officials on Wednesday that they should expect little help from police when they arrive for 6-year-old Elian Gonzalez, and they said the city could erupt into violence if federal agents try to forcibly remove the boy from his great-uncle's home in Little Havana and send him back to Cuba.
"We will not provide our respective resources, whether in the form of police officers or other resources, to assist the federal government in any way, shape or form in bringing Elian Gonzalez back to Cuba inappropriately," Miami-Dade County Mayor Alex Penelas said.
As of Wednesday evening, Lazaro Gonzalez, the boy's great-uncle and provisional guardian, had still not signed an agreement to turn the child over to immigration authorities if relatives in Miami lose a fight to keep him when the case is heard in the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in May.
"I'm not cooperating in anything," Gonzalez told a Spanish-language television station.
'The boy lives in my house and they've got to find him there. '
As pressure built in this city, home to a large number of exiled Cubans, immigration and naturalization officials said they did not plan to remove Elian on Thursday morning, even if his relatives in Miami continued to defy them.
However, an INS spokeswoman said the agency would revoke Elian's residency permit in the United States, clearing the way for his return to Cuba.
Cuban President Fidel Castro said in Havana that the boy's father, Juan Miguel Gonzalez, would travel to the United States to bring his son home following the court's decision on custody.
Elian's father was accompanied by other family members from Cuba, some of the boy's former classmates and teachers, as well as psychiatric experts, Castro said on Cuban television.
"We have the perfect formula to reinstate Elian," Castro said.
He also said the group would be willing to wait as long as it takes to bring the boy back.
A Justice Department spokesman declined to comment on Castro's announcement, saying:
Certainly, it changes things.
How it changes things is a little hard to say at this point.
If the father turns up in Miami and decides to ring his relatives and find his son, well, the family in Miami has put on record that they would hand Elian over to him.
Whether they actually do that remains to be seen. "
Even miles away from the waving protesters who stand guard outside the tiny house in Little Havana where Elian González lives with his great-uncle, they talk about the standoff between Elian's relatives in Miami and immigration and naturalization officials, who stream hot and fast from the coffee stands on Calle Ocho and every other place where Cuban Americans gather.
In fast-paced Spanish, so fast that even people who have learned the language in other Hispanic cultures struggle to keep up, they berate Attorney General Janet Reno, President Clinton, and others who want to send the child back to his father in Cuba.
And they question or mock the news that the boy's father is planning to come here to get his son.
It's a communist plot hatched by the hated dictator Fidel Castro, they say.
If you're not Cuban, they said, you just wouldn't understand.
"If it wasn't Cuba, the child would have to go to his father," said Delfina Miranda, 49, who works at a beauty salon in Little Havana.
This child will get nothing in Cuba.
Time and again, Cuban Americans said that outsiders who had not suffered under the Castro regime simply could not understand their passions in the standoff.
Talks between lawyers for Elian's relatives in Miami and government officials ended without result.
US immigration authorities have postponed until Tuesday morning any action to revoke the boy's temporary residence permit in the United States, which would allow federal officials to eventually remove the boy from his relatives' home and eventually return him to Cuba.
"Like the family, we are following developments regarding the possible arrival of (Elian's father) Juan Miguel Gonzalez in the United States," said Robert Wallis, INS director for Miami County.
Government officials had threatened to rescind the boy's parole if his great uncle Lazaro Gonzalez did not sign a document agreeing to extradite Elian to federal officials once the family's appeal to the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals is decided.
But the standoff became less significant in the eyes of Cuban Americans after Castro announced Wednesday that the boy's father, Juan Miguel Gonzalez, was willing to travel to the United States to take his son home.
Gonzalez's lawyer Greg Craig applied Thursday for a visa for his client for the expected visit, but was told by State Department officials that Gonzalez himself would have to apply for the visa at the U.S. diplomatic mission in Havana.
"Juan Miguel Gonzalez is ready to come to the United States immediately," Craig said.
But in Miami, many Cuban Americans said Castro staged the visit.
Castro said Gonzalez would travel with his current wife and son, a senior government official, doctors, nurses, psychiatrists, Elian's Cuban kindergarten teacher, classmates and his old school desk. Ricardo Alarcon, president of the Cuban National Assembly, was also on a list of 31 people released by the Cuban government on Thursday.
Castro has suggested that Elian and his relatives stay at the residence of Cuba's chief diplomat in Washington.
Hidden in the entourage, Cuban Americans here warned, Cuban security officials will make sure Gonzalez and everyone else make no mistake.
"They come with everyone, including psychologists," said Armando Sanjurjo, 73.
< p > Do you know why?
To give Elian an an injection and bring him back to Cuba. "
Sipping from a cafecito in front of the Versailles restaurant, the nerve center of Cuban political debate here in Little Havana, Sanjurjo, like many here, is convinced that the entourage is designed to prevent defections.
He comes with an entire court?
What is it about? "said Angela Esparragera, 71.
Miranda said Elian's father is "a virtual prisoner here when he comes with all these people."
He "will be surrounded by people when he goes to the toilet."
Gloria Estefan, the hugely popular singer of Cuban descent who has become an entertainment and cultural icon, was also suspicious of the visit.
'If Estefan's father is indeed allowed to come to the United States from Fidel Castro's dictatorship, then I salute him as a Cuban American and urge him to make all his decisions based on the well-being and best interests of his son, not the Cuban government, 'Estefan said.
Throughout the week, elected officials in Washington, D.C., and in the state capital of Tallahassee have issued statements of support for Elian's relatives in Miami, even Vice President Al Gore breaking with his own administration's position.
In Miami-Dade County, elected officials went so far as to say their police departments would play no role in getting the boy out of the house.
"Send him back," said Marsha Raeber, 47, an airline employee.
Some people are born rich, others poor.
Who's to say he's better off at Disney World and eats fast food here instead when he's breathing the fresh air of Cuba? '
Eric Pichardo, 44, a native of Nicaragua, said Cubans must abide by the law.
Not all Cubans insist that Elian be allowed to stay.
Diana de Cardenas, 33, was born in Cuba in 1984.
"I think he deserves to be with his father," she said.
"It would be ideal if his father came" and then stayed in Miami.
Faced with the tense wait in Miami, immigration authorities announced Monday that they will instruct relatives of 6-year-old Cuban rafter Elian Gonzalez in Miami to hand the boy over to his father, who could come to the United States from Cuba as early as Tuesday.
"Our goal is to reunite Elian and his father," said Maria Cardona, a spokeswoman for the U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service.
"The question is not whether we hand Elian over to his father, but when and how."
Late Monday, State Department officials announced that travel visas had been approved for Elian's father, Juan Miguel Gonzalez, his immediate family and three others - a pediatrician, a psychologist and one of Elian's favorite cousins.
According to unconfirmed media reports, the group could arrive in the US as early as Tuesday.
But Miami's fugitive Cuban exiles continued to vow to block any attempt to bring Elian home from tiny Havana, where he lives with relatives in Miami, with some predicting bloodshed if federal agents arrived for the boy.
"There will be thousands here to stop him when they come for him," said Ana Bonnin, one of about 100 exiles who practiced forming a human chain outside the house on Monday.
We will try to make it peaceful, but there is only so much you can do.
You can't control everyone. ""
Late in the day, lawyers for Elian's family arrived in Miami from their third one-day meeting with federal officials, but said little.
"We remain very concerned about the mental and physical well-being of this six-year-old," said Manny Diaz, one of the family's lawyers.
"We will be back tomorrow to continue our negotiations," he said.
It was not clear if the Gonzalez family would come to Miami to pick up Elian, or if they would travel to Washington, D.C. instead.
Cuban President Fidel Castro has said they will live in the house of a Cuban diplomat in the Washington area until the court case over Elian's fate is decided.
Visas for the entourage of more than 20 teachers, classmates and others - including Ricardo Alarcon, president of the Cuban National Assembly - whom Castro plans to accompany with his family have not yet been approved, officials said.
The flurry of events ends a four-month ordeal that has catapulted Elian into the center of an international tug of war.
He was found floating in a hose off the Florida coast on Thanksgiving Day after a boat with him on board sank off Cuba.
Federal agents placed him with relatives in Miami but kept him in custody.
In January, Immigration and Naturalization Commissioner Doris Meissner ruled that Elian should return to Cuba, a decision that was upheld by U.S. Attorney Janet Reno.
Relatives in Miami filed a federal lawsuit to overturn the decision, but a federal judge in Miami ruled against them in March.
They immediately appealed to the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals in Atlanta.
Legal experts and federal officials say Reno could allow the boy to be sent back to Cuba before the appeal is heard.
Last week, federal officials wanted the family to sign an agreement to voluntarily extradite the boy if they lose their appeal.
If the family refused, INS had threatened to rescind Elian's parole, meaning federal agents would remove him from the family in Miami.
The family refused to sign the agreement after two days of negotiations, and INS extended its deadline until 9am EST on Tuesday.
But the terms of the talks changed dramatically when Castro announced last Wednesday that the boy's father was ready to travel to the United States.
Earlier, Gonzalez had said he would never come here to get his son.
Over the weekend, lawyers for the family made allegations that Juan Miguel Gonzalez abused his son in phone calls, saying he told the boy that his mother was alive and waiting for him in Cuba.
But on Monday, federal officials hardened their bargaining position, insisting that the boy would be handed over to his father once the Cuban group arrives in the United States.
Efforts to keep Elian in this country through federal legislation appear to be thwarted, as most lawmakers seem to agree that the boy should return to Cuba.
A new ABC News / Washington Post poll shows that 6 in 10 Americans agree that the boy should go home with his father.
But in Miami, exiled Cubans insist that the majority of Americans do not understand the dynamics of life in Cuba.
How far they are prepared to go to prove their point remains to be seen.
"When he comes back, he won't be with his real father," said Elias Hernandez, who mingled with the crowd outside the home of Elian's relatives in Miami.
The New York Times wrote in an editorial on Thursday, April 6:
Juan Miguel Gonzalez made the right decision to travel to the United States on Thursday to reaffirm his desire to be reunited with his son Elian.
His presence on American soil is necessary to dispel doubts about his suitability as a father raised maliciously by Elian's relatives in Miami, and to end speculation that he is indifferent to reclaiming custody of his son.
Since González is virtually out of sight in Cuba, relatives have been free to distort the case with bogus legal arguments and unsubstantiated claims that Elian is afraid to see his father.
As soon as González comes to the United States, it would be better if he went to Miami instead of Washington. Only Castro's staunchest enemies can argue that Elian should not be reunited with him.
Gonzalez's arrival should also help clear the way for the Justice Department to make arrangements to transfer custody of the child.
Relatives in Miami have left open whether they will voluntarily surrender custody of Elian, and have done their best to stoke emotions against the Justice Department among Cuban-Americans in South Florida.
Hoping to trump the law, they have unreasonably demanded that a panel of child psychologists decide Elian's fate.
The best outcome would be for the relatives to hand Elian over to his father as soon as González arrives, in a spirit of kinship that makes Elian's transition as smooth as possible.
Once that happens, González and Elian, though technically free to return to Cuba, should remain here to await a decision by the appeals court on the case, which is expected next month.
But if the relatives balk, the Justice Department should quickly strip them of custody of the child and seek a federal court order ordering them and their lawyers to extradite Elian to his father.
Relatives may be less defiant when they are brought to justice.
If a court order does not enforce compliance, the Ministry of Justice will have to consider stricter measures, because relatives will then oppose the rule of law as defined by both the ministry and the courts.
But Washington should not rush to forcibly remove Elian from relatives.
This course would psychologically hurt the boy and could lead to a violent confrontation with demonstrators who gather daily in front of the relatives "house.
In this case, the government is not relinquishing its legal or moral authority by giving relatives and supporters time to reflect and seek a softer solution.
For reasons of law, compassion, and common sense, the government has the right to reunite Elian with his father, and it has the power to enforce that right, despite the bluster of Miami's demagogic political leaders.
But for now, all parties should seek an amicable end.
Juan González does his part by making the short journey across the Florida Strait to erase any question about his love for his son.
There are no Cuban flags flying at his door, and no political signs urging the fall of the young Elian González hang on his windows.
And while keeping her distance from the heated rhetoric and politics that envelop Miami, she had a clear view on Friday on the case of the 6-year-old Cuban boy who has ruled the city for nearly five months.
"I feel for this child," Juanita Castro said.
In both Cuba and Miami, this is too politicized, and too many people are benefiting from this tragedy.
I think people have forgotten that this is a human issue. ""
Juanita Castro, who arrived in Miami in 1961, believes custody of the child should be settled between family members.
She is not sure whether the boy should stay in the United States, but she believes that since he has been here so long, he should be given the opportunity to live in a free country.
Asked if she believed the boy's father, Juan Miguel Gonzalez, was controlled by the Cuban government even though he had been in Bethesda, Md., for a week, she frowned.
"I don't know what Juan Miguel thinks or believes," Juanita Castro said.
"What I think is that he should have arrived in this country at least 72 hours after his son was found floating off the coast of Fort Lauderdale," he said.
This has gone too far.
And now it's become a tragedy. '
Wearing a dark pink blazer and cream trousers, the Cuban dictator's sister walked through the pharmacy and chatted warmly with her customers.
She said she sometimes speaks to family members in Cuba.
"I have sisters I still talk to," she said, "and this situation drives people crazy."
The only thing on Cuban television is Elian's story, she said, and she feels that the Cuban people are getting tired of the issue.
She does not speak to her brother and has not spoken to him for several years.
'Nobody talks to Fidel because he doesn't listen, 'Juanita Castro said.
"He speaks and he decides." "
Juanita Castro said she has not visited Elian Gonzalez's relatives in Miami and has no plans to do so.
Although she supports the Cuban cause in Miami in her fight against her brother's government, she prefers to keep a low profile in politics.
"I just work every day in my pharmacy and pray for a solution in our country (Cuba) that doesn't involve violence," she said.
And I pray every day for this little boy because he needs help.
The Clinton administration's wisdom in returning Elian González to his father was confirmed over the weekend by the decision of his relatives in Miami and their Republican allies to further politicize what was supposed to be a simple child custody case.
Elian finally gets time to reconnect with his father in a quiet, neutral environment, where he is no longer a metaphor for the war between the Cubans.
A few miles from his temporary home at Andrews Air Force Base, Senator Bob Smith of New Hampshire, Representative Tom DeLay of Texas, both Republicans, and relatives treated the raid to bring Elian back as if it were a Nazi SS operation.
Still, federal agents had an arrest warrant, enforced U.S. law, and entered the house with the necessary force to ensure minimal resistance and injury.
The raid was necessary because Gonzalez's relatives in Miami, who refused to return the boy, made him a symbol of resistance to Fidel Castro.
Elian printed his name on an asylum application and was put in front of a video camera to say he did not want to return to Cuba.
Relatives treated the boy as a political prop.
If the relatives had allowed Elian to return to Cuba, they would have denied the dictator the opportunity to revive support for his regime.
Juan Miguel González is apparently a Castro supporter, but that should not stop him from being reunited with his child.
Ever since he first learned that Elian was in Florida last November, he has been working tirelessly to get the boy back.
Elian has developed a great affection for relatives in Miami.
It would be ideal if they could have returned him to his father but kept in touch while their appeal was pending in court.
Negotiations broke down, however, because they insisted on taking the father's place instead of being treated as concerned but distant relatives.
The father can stay here, but he can also return to Cuba if he wants.
Like any other 6-year-old in the care of a loving parent, Elian should go where that parent wants.
Elian Gonzalez will remain in the United States for at least another two weeks, even after a federal appeals court on Thursday declined to order a hearing on political asylum for the embattled Cuban child.
Elian could be forced to stay longer if relatives in Miami, who are seeking asylum for the child because of his Cuban father's objections, appeal further.
Attorney Kendall Coffey said his clients would "seriously consider" an appeal to the Supreme Court.
Relatives in Miami could also request a rehearing before the same three-judge panel that issued Thursday's ruling, or the entire 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals.
But Thursday's ruling made clear that the family has only 14 days to decide whether to request a rehearing at that level.
& LR; < p > Don't expect any extensions, "the court said.
The ruling follows six months of international family disputes, political recriminations and widespread protests in Miami and Cuba over the fate of the six-year-old boy.
His mother died trying to smuggle Elian out of Cuba, and it was difficult for family members, Miami community leaders, and many politicians to separate attitudes toward Cuban leader Fidel Castro from the related legal issues.
The appeal ruling made clear that the court has no pleasure in removing an obstacle to Elian's return to Cuba.
"We recognize as a widely accepted truth that Cuba violates human rights and fundamental freedoms and does not guarantee the rule of law to people living in Cuba," Judge J.L. Edmonson wrote on behalf of the panel.
But the Immigration and Naturalization Department's decision to deny Elian an an asylum hearing was "within the bounds of reasonable decisions," the statement said.
"The court approves or disapproves of the INS decision to reject the asylum applications made on behalf of the plaintiff, but the INS decision does not contradict (federal law)."
However, the judges rejected a request by Elian's father to appoint him as Elian's representative in the ongoing trial in place of great uncle Lazaro González.
Making Juan Miguel González his son's legal representative would have allowed him to simply drop his asylum application and go home.
Elian's great uncle vowed to continue the fight, saying relatives in Miami could sue for visitation while the child was in the United States.
"We will continue to fight with the laws... so that Elian González can live in a free country as his mother wanted," Lazaro González said.
President Clinton and Attorney General Janet Reno praised the ruling, both stressing their confidence that Juan Miguel Gonzalez was the best person to raise his child.
& LR; < p > As I said, this case is about the importance of family and the bond between father and son, "Clinton said in a written statement from Berlin.
Elian's father asked his relatives in Miami to end their court battle after Thursday's ruling and allow him to finally return home with his son.
"A child should just be with his parents, always with his parents," the elder González said through an interpreter.
Speaking in English, he said: 'I want to thank the American people.
Elian was rescued by two American fishermen off the coast of Florida last November after his boat capsized.
Elian's mother and 10 others died, but the boy survived by clinging to a tube.
Elian's relatives in Miami took the child in but then refused to return it to his surviving father in Cuba, citing the harshness of the Castro regime.
Relatives in Miami applied for political asylum on Elian's behalf because the child did not want to return to Cuba.
INS agents traveled to Cuba to interview the child's father before the INS rejected the asylum application on the grounds that the child's father was the only person authorized to represent him.
A district judge upheld the federal authority.
Relatives in Miami appealed that decision and obtained an injunction requiring Elian to remain in the United States until the asylum issue found its way through the courts.
Juan Miguel Gonzalez arrived in the United States on April 2, and Reno ordered relatives in Miami to hand the child over to his father.
The family refused, and federal agents forcibly took the child during a raid on the family's Miami home on April 22.
The father and son lived on a large, private estate in Maryland for a month, but recently moved to an affluent neighborhood in Washington, D.C. to spend the rest of their time in the United States.
Shortly after the appellate panel issued its decision, Attorney Coffey made an emergency request to Supreme Court Justice Anthony M. Kennedy (who has jurisdiction over such matters from Florida), seeking assurances that Elian will remain in the United States until the Supreme Court can consider a formal appeal.
Reno, however, said the request to Kennedy had no purpose because the restraining order blocking Elian's return to Cuba still applies.
If the family does not appeal within 14 days, she said, Elian would be free to leave the country seven days later.
Justice Department officials, however, said the appeals court could decide to waive the additional seven-day deadline.
Even before the verdict was announced, protesters gathered outside the relatives' home in Miami.
They cried and cried when the decision was announced.
In a statement read out on Cuban television, Castro's government expressed displeasure at a further delay in Elian's return.
The government called the 14-day wait "another concession to the mafia" - a disparaging term the government often uses to describe Miami's exiled Cubans.
Jose Basulto, founder of Brothers to the Rescue, a Cuban exile group that often rescues Cuban refugees from the Florida Strait, called the latest ruling "outrageous."
"The story of Elian Gonzalez is a turning point in relations between the Cuban community and the United States," Basulto said.
'This day will be remembered in the history of Cuba's relationship with the United States as much as the Bay of Pigs. '
Cubans in exile failed to overthrow Castro in 1961, when the communist leader repelled their invasion of the Bay of Pigs.
South Africa on Friday deplored the morning bombings outside the United States embassies in Kenya and Tanzania that killed dozens and injured more than 1,000 others.
A State Department statement called the attacks senseless.
"The South African government deplores these senseless acts against the American embassies in Nairobi and Dar es Salaam and would like to express its condolences to the victims of the explosions," the statement said.
A massive explosion reportedly damaged the U.S. Embassy in Nairobi, killing 40 people and injuring at least 1,000.
Kenyan Commerce Minister Joseph Kamotho and U.S. Ambassador to Kenya Prudence Bushnell were injured in the blast.
Also on Friday morning, at least four people were killed in an explosion near the American Embassy in Dar es Salaam, the capital of Tanzania.
As far as can be determined, no South Africans were affected by the explosions, the South African Foreign Ministry said.
The flu season is drawing to a close and has so far claimed the lives of 105 children - about as many as the average.
The season began about a month earlier than usual, stoking fears it could turn into the worst in a decade.
In the end, it was very hard for the elderly, but overall it was moderately hard, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Six of the child deaths have been reported in the past week, and it's possible there will be more, Dr. Michael Jhung of the CDC said Friday.
In an average flu season, about 100 children die.
The exception was the swine flu pandemic of 2009-2010, when 348 children died.
The CDC recommends that all children 6 months and older be vaccinated against flu every season, even though only about half get a flu shot or nasal spray.
All but four of the children who died were old enough to be vaccinated, but 90 percent of them were not vaccinated, CDC officials said.
This year's vaccine was considered effective in children, although it did not work particularly well in the elderly.
In this group, 177 out of every 100,000 people with flu-related illnesses have been hospitalized in recent months.
This flu season began in early December, a month earlier than usual, and peaked at the end of the year.
Since then, flu reports have been piling up across the country.
"We seem to be nearing the end of the flu season," Jhung said.
Barack Obama would make a great stand-up comic, not because he's the funniest president ever, but because he jokes the way many of us comedians do: as a weapon.
Traditionally, our presidents "(intentionally) funny lines had one thing in common: they were self-deprecating.
Sure, some presidents have used jokes to mock their opponents, but not to the extent that Obama has.
During his tenure, he has unleashed increasingly biting comedic barbs against his critics and political opponents.
These jokes are meant to do more than just entertain.
He is trying to undermine his opponents and get the crowd - in this case the public - on his side.
I can assure you that not only is it effective to control critics / hecklers, but it is also very satisfying when the crowd laughs at them.
A New York man accused of faking his death last summer pleaded guilty Thursday to a conspiracy charge, Nassau County District Attorney Kathleen Rice said.
Raymond Roth, 48, of Massapequa, New York, was first reported missing by his 22-year-old son Jonathan Roth in the waters off Jones Beach in late July last year.
Several days after an extensive search involving multiple agencies, authorities learned that the missing man was in South Carolina, where he had been stopped for speeding.
The day before Raymond Roth was pulled over, his wife Evana showed authorities emails she had discovered that appeared to reveal a plot between him and his son to fake his death.
Raymond Roth wanted his wife and son to collect at least $410,000 in life insurance benefits while he began a new life in Florida, Rice said.
State police arrested both men in early August on charges of insurance fraud, conspiracy and making false statements.
Raymond Roth agreed on Thursday to plead guilty in exchange for a 90-day prison sentence and five years of probation, prosecutors said.
He must also reimburse the cost of the search - $27,445 to the U.S. Coast Guard and $9,109 to the Nassau County Police Department.
Evana Roth told CNN in August that she believed her husband worked out the plan after he was fired in July.
Her lawyer Lenard Leeds said she was unaware of the stunt until she uncovered the email correspondence.
'There's got to be a way for me to find out how things are going.
Call me Sunday night at 8 p.m. at the resort, "Raymond Roth wrote in an email to his son the day before his son reported him missing.
The son's case is still pending, the prosecutor said.
Jonathan Roth's lawyer, Joey Jackson, defended his client after his arrest, saying "there was abuse here, manipulation here, coercion here" from the father.
Raymond Roth's attorney, Brian Davis, denied in August that Roth had implicated his son in the scheme.
"We had issues with the facts that people had about whether (Roth) had an agreement with his son," Davis told CNN on Thursday.
'He's admitted it now.
He's taken responsibility. '
Davis added that his client had been receiving treatment for bipolar disorder in recent weeks.
During the plea deal, Raymond Roth asked prosecutors not to grant his son jail time, Davis said.
On the advice of her two lawyers, the father and son had not had any contact since their arrest, Davis said.
"He would like to sort things out with (Jonathan) when the time comes," he said.
Before the launch of Keep, which Google launched this week, there was no standard note-taking app for Android.
It was a glaring hole, considering that Apple's iPhone has built-in note and reminder apps that can run on Siri.
Rather than settle for a bare-bones app to fill the void, the search giant went one step further.
Still, it won't quite conquer the world.
Like most things at Google, we expect the company to come alive over time and really turn it into our personal Internet drawer.
It is easy to predict the day when users will be able to send anything from their web browser or maps directly to Keep.
The prospect of continuing to integrate features from services such as Pinterest or Pocket, or even simplifying the cataloging of streaming media, could make a big difference.
That should scare Evernote.
In filling a small but important gap in its mobile ecosystem, Google is giving the competition a claim to superiority over Android less.
The FAA announced Friday that it would close 149 control towers at regional airports because of forced spending cuts - and close 40 more that the FAA had been expected to close.
A four-week, phased closure of the 149 control towers will begin on April 7, the FAA said.
The FAA had been expected to announce the closure of 189 low- and medium-volume towers staffed by contractors.
Prior to Friday's announcement, it had said it would consider keeping a tower open if the airport convinced the authority that it was in the "national interest."
Under the Congressional mandate, the FAA must cut nearly $600 million of its nearly $48 billion budget this fiscal year.
Because the majority of the 47,000 employees are air traffic controllers, it is impossible to cut the budget without affecting air traffic controllers, the agency said.
President Barack Obama arrived in refugee-inundated Jordan on Friday after landing a diplomatic coup shortly before leaving Israel when Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu apologized to Turkey for a 2010 commando raid that killed nine militants on a Turkish ship in a Gaza flotilla.
The apology, long demanded by Turkish Prime Minister Recep Erdogan, has defused tense feelings between Turkey and Israel, two key US allies in the Middle East.
It happened in a phone call with Erdogan during a final meeting between Obama and Netanyahu at Tel Aviv's Ben Gurion International Airport a few minutes before Air Force One departed for Jordan to complete the president's Middle East trip.
A statement from Netanyahu's office said the apology included an offer of compensation.
There was confusion later, however, when the Israeli government dropped a reference to normalized relations between the countries with the return of ambassadors in its original statement.
There was also no word on whether the once-close nations would resume joint military exercises suspended after the flotilla attack.
Turkey had prosecuted four Israeli soldiers in absentia, and Israel initially said the two leaders had agreed to lift legal action against the troops.
However, this measure was later omitted in the amended declaration.
Microsoft Corp broke sales records in 2010 when it released its Kinect - a motion-tracking device that allowed Xbox users to play their favorite games through gestures alone without the need for a controller.
Now the software giant hopes to establish Kinect beyond gaming with the help of outside developers.
Microsoft is expanding into China with a company-funded incubator program for outside developers to build Kinect-based products for a range of industries, including healthcare and retail.
In the US, eleven companies were selected last year from nearly 500 applicants for the accelerator's first three-month course in Seattle.
Microsoft said it had identified three companies for the China program, which is scheduled to run through June.
The company gives each participating start-up in the Seattle program $20,000 to develop software that can be used with Kinect for Windows, but it does not ask for any ownership or intellectual property rights.
Microsoft also has no veto over the ideas.
What Microsoft is getting are developers around the world working on ideas that could potentially open Kinect technology for Windows to new markets - and convince consumers and businesses to buy the company's hardware and use the potential apps.
The Windows-enabled Kinect sensor, which would be necessary for any company wishing to take advantage of these potential new technologies, is currently being sold through Microsoft for $250, more than double what Microsoft charges for the Xbox-only version.
But Iram Leon is on the sidelines in his own race against time.
There is an untreatable and inoperable cancer in his brain that statistics show will kill him before his 40th birthday in eight years.
Medical science is advancing at a pace that does not preclude the development of a treatment, but it is not clear whether it will arrive in time.
"Nobody knows what technology will be available in five years," said Allan Friedman, chief neurosurgeon at Duke University Hospital, who removed as much of Leon's brain tumor as possible in 2011.
Some seek escape in their careers, but that is no longer an option for Leon, who was forced earlier this year to resign from his job as a juvenile probation officer in Travis County, Texas, a position he held for nearly seven years.
His thinking was no longer clear, Leon said, adding, "I made too many mistakes in the stands."
What has alarmed the medical community even more is what Leon did this month in Beaumont, Texas.
He won the Gusher Marathon in 3: 07: 35.
That was a second slower than his personal record in the 26.2-mile event, set days before his brain surgery in early 2011.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu apologized Friday to Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan for the attack on a Turkish flotilla ship, a move that will help restore strained relations between the countries.
The call, which came as President Barack Obama wrapped up his first visit to Israel, was an unexpected result of a Middle East trip that seemed to yield few concrete steps.
Netanyahu's office confirmed that in a conversation with Erdogan, the Israeli leader "agreed to restore normalization between Israel and Turkey, including the sending of ambassadors and the cancellation of legal action against [Israeli Defense Forces] soldiers."
Erdogan accepted the Israeli apology, the prime minister's office said.
Erdogan has long sought an apology for the May 2010 raid on the Mavi Marmara, which was part of a flotilla trying to break Israel's blockade of Gaza.
Nine passengers, all of Turkish or Turkish descent, were killed in an Israeli attack on the ship.
"In light of the Israeli investigation into the incident, which highlighted several operational errors, Prime Minister Netanyahu apologized to the Turkish people for any mistakes that could have resulted in loss of life and agreed to the conclusion of the compensation agreement," the statement said.
Netanyahu told Erdogan that what happened aboard the Mavi Marmara was "unintentional and Israel expresses regret for the injuries and deaths," the statement said.
Obama later said at a news conference in Amman that he had spoken with both leaders over the past two years about how it was in the interest of both countries to restore normal relations.
He said he had discussed the issue with Netanyahu during his visit to Israel this week, and they agreed that the time was right for talks with the Turkish leader.
The incident was the subject of talks between Netanyahu and President Barack Obama during the president's trip to Israel this week, administration officials said.
Health insurers are warning private brokers that premiums for many individuals and small businesses could rise sharply next year as a result of the health care overhaul law, with the nation's largest company predicting that prices could more than double for some consumers who buy their own plans.
The forecasts, made in meetings with brokers and brokers, provide some of the most concrete evidence yet of how much insurers could raise prices when key provisions of the law come into effect next year - an issue that is hotly debated.
The projected increases are at odds with what consumers should expect overall in terms of costs, according to the Obama administration.
The Department of Health and Human Services says the law will "make health care more affordable and accessible," pointing to a 2009 Congressional Budget Office analysis that found average individual premiums would be lower on an apple-to-apple basis.
The gulf between some insurers "price talk and the government's projections suggests just how complicated the law's impact will be.
Airlines will submit price proposals to regulators in the coming months.
Part of the opacity stems from the role of government subsidies.
Federal subsidies under the health care law will help lower-income consumers cover costs, but they are not usually included in insurers' premium projections.
Many consumers will get more generous plans because of new legislation.
The impact of the law will vary widely, and insurers and other analysts agree that some consumers and small businesses are likely to see premiums fall.
Starting next year, the law will prevent insurers from selling coverage or setting premiums based on people's medical history, and reduce their ability to set rates based on age.
This can raise insurance prices for younger, healthier consumers and rein them in for older, sicker consumers.
The rules may also affect small businesses, which sometimes pay premiums linked to workers' health and history.
The last surviving member of the team that first conquered Everest in 1953 has died in a care home in Derbyshire.
George Lowe, 89, died in Ripley on Wednesday after a long illness, with his wife Mary by his side.
New Zealand-born Lowe was part of the team that helped Sir Edmund Hillary and Tenzing Norgay reach the summit in 1953.
Family friend and historian Dr Huw Lewis-Jones paid tribute to a "gentle soul and fine mountaineer" who shunned the limelight.
Lowe also participated in the 1957-58 Transantarctic Expedition, which made the first successful overland crossing of Antarctica over the South Pole.
Later he undertook expeditions to Greenland, Greece and Ethiopia.
Speaking to the BBC in 1995 about his Antarctic adventure, Lowe said: "We estimated we would make it in 100 days and we arrived on the 99th day.
It had a multiplier effect.
'We were glad England and New Zealand knew about it and we thought it'd stop. '
He also talked about his "second job" as the group's cameraman and how he had to wear four pairs of gloves to operate the clockwork camera.
Do you participate in the urgency - or do you absorb it? "he said.
Dr Lewis-Jones, the former curator at Cambridge University's Scott Polar Research Institute who first met Lowe in 2005, called him a "hero."
"I don't use that word often, but it's not often you meet one," he said.
A book of memoirs and photos of Lowe's rise, which he worked on with Dr Lewis-Jones, is due to be published in May.
He said: "Lowe was a brilliant, kind guy who never sought the limelight... and 60 years after Everest his achievements deserve wider recognition.
"He was involved in two of the most important explorations of the 20th century... yet he remained a humble, happy man to the end... an inspiring lesson for all of us."
Before retiring in 1984, Mr Lowe worked as a schools inspector in the Department of Education and Science and is survived by three sons from a previous marriage.
The last British climber on the 1953 team, Mike Westmacott, died last June.
Israel's prime minister has apologized to Turkey for "any mistakes that could have resulted in loss of life" during the 2010 commando raid on an aid flotilla trying to break the Gaza blockade.
Benjamin Netanyahu also agreed with his Turkish counterpart Recep Tayyip Erdogan to compensate the families of the nine activists killed.
Netanyahu had previously expressed only regret over the deaths.
The agreement was brokered by US President Barack Obama during a visit to Israel.
Erdogan's office said he accepted the apology "on behalf of the Turkish people."
In the past, he has always set two conditions for the restoration of bilateral relations with Israel - an apology and compensation for the families of the victims.
Nine people were killed aboard the Turkish aid ship Mavi Marmara when it was boarded by Israeli commandos in May 2010, despite an Israeli naval blockade, as it was transporting aid to Gaza.
The Israeli government acknowledged mistakes in gathering and planning intelligence, but insisted that its commandos used deadly force because militants had attacked them.
The activists said the troops opened fire when they boarded the ship, which was in international waters at the time.
The incident sparked an international outcry and led to a significant deterioration in relations between Turkey and Israel.
Before leaving for Jordan on Friday afternoon, Obama said Netanyahu and Erdogan had just spoken on the phone.
Heavy snowfall is causing traffic disruption across the UK and heavy rain is bringing flooding to the South West of England.
Rescuers searching for a woman trapped by a landslide at her home in Looe, Cornwall, said they had found a body.
More than 200,000 customers in Belfast were affected by a power outage but power is slowly being restored.
Northern Ireland's World Cup qualifier against Russia has been postponed until 3pm BST on Saturday due to heavy snowfall.
There are 12 flood warnings in place in the South West, with the weather bureau issuing snow warnings for much of the UK.
This comes just over a week before British Summer Time begins.
BBC forecasters said the snow on Friday would cause travel disruption in northern parts of the UK, with 20-40cm falling in places.
Cruel conditions were to be expected at a high level, it said.
Roads in northern parts of Wales, the Midlands, the Pennines, southern Scotland and Northern Ireland would be worst affected, while gale-force winds would blow snow and drifts across the trans-Pennine routes, it said.
Oil giant BP has announced it will buy back $8 billion worth of shares and return to shareholders the money it put into a complicated Russian venture.
It said it "expects to return to BP shareholders an amount equal to the value of the company's original investment in TNK-BP."
BP agreed in October to return its 50% stake in TNK-BP to Russia's Rosneft for $17.1 billion in cash and shares.
It invested in TNK-BP in 2003.
BP chief executive Carl-Henric Svanberg said: "We expect our stake in Rosneft to create long-term value for BP and its shareholders.
But this buyback program should also allow our shareholders to benefit in the short term from the value we have realized through the restructuring of our Russia business. "
BP expects the share buyback program to last between 12 and 18 months.
"In 2003, BP invested approximately $8 billion in cash, shares and assets in the creation of TNK-BP," the oil giant said.
"Over the next decade, BP received a total of $19 billion in dividends from the joint venture," he said.
In 2011, the AAR consortium tried to block a drilling joint venture between BP and Rosneft in the Arctic in court, and the plan was eventually dropped.
In addition to internal squabbles, BP employees at TNK-BP have fallen foul of Russian authorities.
During his time as boss of TNK-BP, Bob Dudley - now head of BP as a whole - had his office bugged and searched by police, encountering troublesome after-tax claims, legal action and visa problems.
He eventually fled the country in 2008.
But the tie-up with Rosneft will keep BP in Russia, allowing it to continue exploring and exploiting the country's vast energy resources, including in the Arctic.
Russian police and tax inspectors have raided offices of the human rights group Memorial and other foreign-funded civil society groups.
Memorial is famous for documenting human rights violations in Russia.
The U.S. Embassy in Moscow has expressed concern and asked the Russian government for an explanation.
A new Russian law requires foreign-funded non-governmental organizations (NGOs) associated with politics to register as "foreign agents" - a term that suggests espionage.
In the worst repression of the Soviet era, the label "foreign agents" was used to denounce dissidents - or simply political rivals of Joseph Stalin - which could lead to execution.
Memorial said inspectors returned to its Moscow offices on Friday after seizing 600 documents, including accounts, on Thursday.
A statement on Memorial's website said the inspections were directly related to the new law on NGOs and target groups' compliance with it.
Memorial director Arseny Roginsky was quoted by Russian news site Vesti as saying it was "a complete review of everything to do with our sources of funding."
He insisted that the NGO law "will not change our position at all."
"We will not refuse foreign donations or register as a" foreign agent, "" he said.
China's change of leadership this month took place against an ominous backdrop.
More than 16,000 dead pigs have been found in rivers supplying Shanghai with drinking water.
A haze resembling volcanic fumes enveloped the capital, causing a convulsive cough and obscuring the portrait of Mao Zedong at the gateway to the Forbidden City.
China's environmental problems, especially its polluting air, are so severe that senior officials have been forced to admit them openly.
Fu Ying, spokeswoman for the National People's Congress, said that every morning after opening her curtains, she checked for smog and kept face masks for her daughter and herself at home.
Li Keqiang, the new premier, said air pollution had left him "pretty upset" and vowed to "show even greater resolve and make more vigorous efforts" to eradicate the problem.
Last month, after deadly air pollution in northern China reached record levels, officials led by then-Premier Wen Jiabao unveiled tough new fuel standards that oil companies had blocked for years.
But there are doubts that oil companies will comply, especially since oil authorities opposed a similar government order for higher-grade fuel four years ago.
The companies routinely ignore government orders to modernize coal-fired power plants, according to the ministry.
And, as with oil companies, energy companies exert an outsized influence on environmental policy debates.
In 2011, during a panel discussion on stricter emissions standards, the China Electricity Council, which represents the companies, vehemently opposed the proposals, saying that the cost of modernizing the plants was too high.
On February 28, Deutsche Bank issued an analyst note saying that China's current economic policies would lead to a huge increase in coal consumption and car sales over the next decade.
"China's air pollution will worsen significantly from the already intolerable levels," the analysts said, calling for drastic policy changes and "a strong will on the part of the government to overcome opposition from interest groups."
The report projects that the number of passenger cars in China will rise to 400 million by 2030, up from 90 million today.
Should this happen, Cyprus's exit from the euro union would have a devastating impact on the country's citizens, who are among the most indebted in the eurozone.
The losses resulting from the collapse of Cypriot banks and the country's return to its former currency would be minimal compared to the chaos that Greece would have caused if it had not been bailed out.
And that, economists and investors argue, is why Germany and its Dutch stalking horse, Jeroen Dijsselbloem, the chairman of the Eurogroup of finance ministers, insisted so persistently that depositors - large and small, Cypriot and Russian - contribute €5.8 billion to bail out Cyprus's largest banks, amounting to €10 billion.
Greece may have been too big to fail last year, but Cyprus, which accounts for less than half a percent of the eurozone's gross domestic product, is certainly not.
Only Ireland, which is still struggling to recover from the banking collapse that required an international bailout in 2010, has a higher debt-to-GDP ratio among eurozone countries.
As debt in Europe rises in inverse proportion to the ability of its citizens, businesses, and governments to pay it, a view is emerging in Berlin and Brussels that a signal must be sent that citizens and investors must begin to accept losses for the eurozone's long-term survival.
"There have been too many bailouts in Europe; it's time to remove the airbags," said Stephen Jen, a former economist at the International Monetary Fund who runs a hedge fund in London.
"This is not Lehman," he said, alluding to the catastrophic chain reaction triggered by the collapse of Lehman Brothers in 2008.
Eric Dor is a French economist who has studied the mechanisms by which a country might withdraw from the monetary union.
Estimates of the potential cost of forcing Greece into a disorderly exit from the euro have varied between €200 billion and €800 billion, given the greater exposure of the European Central Bank and European banks to the country.
"This explains why Germany and others are putting so much pressure on Cyprus," said Dor, head of research at the Ieseg School of Management in Lille, France.
"They say that we can take the risk of pushing Cyprus out of the eurozone and that Europe can bear the losses without going bust."
Mr Dor points out that the current zone-wide system for protecting bank deposits up to €100,000 was introduced after the financial panic following the Lehman collapse.
These deposits will be insured by national governments.
When the President of Cyprus admitted this week that his country did not have the money to secure €30 billion in guaranteed bank deposits - a figure larger than the Cypriot economy itself - a crucial bond of trust between a government and its citizens was torn.
"It is the first time ever that the leader of a eurozone country has admitted that he could not afford to pay the guarantee," Dor said.
A hasty exit from the eurozone would make Cypriot people's savings all the more volatile once they are converted back into Cypriot pounds, the currency that Cyprus used before the introduction of the euro in 2007.
Former President Nicolas Sarkozy was informed Thursday that he faces a formal investigation into whether he misused the weakness of Liliane Bettencourt, 90, the heiress to the L'Oreal fortune and France's richest woman, to raise money for his 2007 presidential campaign.
Sarkozy has denied accepting illegal campaign funds from Bettencourt, either personally or through his then party treasurer Eric Woerth, as alleged by her former butler.
Sarkozy's lawyer, Thierry Herzog, called the judge's decision, which indicates that the judge believes Sarkozy likely committed a crime, "incoherent" and "unjust."
The lawyer said he would appeal.
The ruling does not necessarily mean that Mr Sarkozy, who lost his re-election last May and thus his presidential immunity from prosecution, will be brought to justice.
An hour before her colleagues gathered for the first vote of a new Congress, Sen. Kelly Ayotte slipped into an empty Senate chamber to enjoy the splendor of her legislative home.
As Ms. Ayotte, an aspiring Republican from New Hampshire, sat down at the wooden desk where generations of lawmakers from her state had cast their ballots, a bouncer marched purposefully toward her.
The desks, he told her sternly, were for senators only.
On that January day in 2011, Ayotte was inducted into the rarest ranks of the country's political class, namely female senators.
"The desk thing really stuck with me," Ayotte said.
In the 90 years since Rebecca Felton of Georgia became the first woman in the US Senate - sworn in just 24 hours - women remain an anomaly in the House of Lords.
But now that 20 female senators are in office, an all-time high, women have gone from the curiosity they exercised for much of the twentieth century to an important new force in key committees and legislation.
For the first time, a woman - Senator Barbara A. Mikulski, a Democrat from Maryland - heads the Senate Budget Committee, which distributes billions of dollars annually to the government and has long been dominated by men.
Senator Patty Murray, a Democrat from Washington, is the first chairwoman of the Budget Committee and tasked with shaping Democratic strategy in the budget fight on Capitol Hill.
One of the biggest bills that passed the Senate last year was farm legislation led by Senator Debbie Stabenow, a Michigan Democrat who chairs the Agriculture Committee.
Senator Barbara Boxer, the California Democrat who chairs the Environment and Public Works Committee, has pushed the highway bill.
"We're getting more and more numerous," said Senator Amy Klobuchar, Democrat of Minnesota.
'But more importantly, we're growing in power.
When I started only six years ago, it was unusual for a woman to manage a bill. "
Equally important, even male senators say, is the potential for women to change the tenor of the Senate and push for compromise in the highly partisan atmosphere on Capitol Hill.
"I don't want to generalize because that doesn't apply to everyone, but they tend to find common ground," said Senator Rob Portman, Republican of Ohio.
'So I think it's going to have a positive impact on the Senate. '
Though partisan division is the central feature of the modern Congress, women have begun to break out of gridlock by forming coalitions that have taken leaders of both parties by surprise.
Senator Kirsten E. Gillibrand, Democrat of New York, and Senator Susan Collins, Republican of Maine, led the Senate repeal of the "don't ask, don't tell" law in 2010, which allowed gay men and women to serve openly in the military.
This year, all four Senate Republicans split from their party and voted with Senate Democrats to reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act, which expired during the last Congress.
But a powerful new type of computer, about to be commercialized by a major American military company, is taking computer technology into the strange, subatomic realm of quantum mechanics.
But academic researchers and scientists from companies such as Microsoft, I.B.M., and Hewlett-Packard are working on developing quantum computers.
Lockheed Martin, which bought an early version of such a computer from Canada's D-Wave Systems two years ago, is confident enough to bring the technology to commercial scale and is the first company to use quantum computing as part of its business.
Skeptics say D-Wave has yet to prove to outside scientists that it has solved the myriad challenges of quantum computing.
But if it works as Lockheed and D-Wave expect, the design could be used to charge even the most powerful systems and solve some scientific and business problems millions of times faster than is possible today.
Lockheed's chief technology officer Ray Johnson said his company will use the quantum computer to develop and test complex radar, space and aircraft systems.
It might be possible, for example, to tell immediately how the millions of software lines running a satellite network would react to a solar flare or a nuclear explosion, which can now take weeks, if any, to determine.
Margalit Har-Shefi, 22, has pleaded not guilty to failing to report Yigal Amir's plan to kill Rabin.
"We don't just arrive," said four-star Gen. John Dailey, deputy commander of the U.S. Marine Corps.
Last July, in Cambodia's capital Phnom Penh, Second Prime Minister Hun Sen staged a successful coup against First Prime Minister Prince Norodom Ranariddh.
Polls show public support for a republic rising, from about 35 percent a few years ago to about 51 percent this year, as pro-monarchist sentiment wanes.
It - It just exploded in the air, and then we saw two fireballs going down to the water, and there was a big little, ah, smoke coming out of it.
Ninety-nine years ago, Charles Keating was convicted in state court of aiding and abetting the fraud of thousands of investors who bought high-risk junk bonds sold by Keating's associates at Lincoln Savings and Loan.
The Foreign Office said it had informed the family of Howes, who was 37 at the time of his abduction, that he was likely to have died within weeks or months of his capture on 26 March 1996.
Iraq said the raid was intended to protect them from unspecified threats; British Foreign Secretary William Waldegrave called the order "serious and sinister."
In other developments, the Pentagon said that Defense Secretary Dick Cheney is considering pressing Bush to order a national call-up of active-duty military reserves because the units that send soldiers abroad are overstretched.
No one was injured, but firefighters ordered the evacuation of surrounding homes and said they were monitoring the changing terrain.
An intense manhunt, conducted by the FBI and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms, continues for Rudolph in the wilderness of western North Carolina.
A CBS News report, citing unidentified Jordanian sources, said Saddam's embassy is calling for an international conference to discuss an Iraqi withdrawal from Kuwait.
Har-Shefi said she heard Amir talk about killing Rabin but did not inform the police because she did not believe he was serious.
Nineteen of Keating's convictions were rejected on formal grounds.
The president has also offered to compensate Jordan, because 40 percent of its exports go to Iraq and 90 percent of its oil comes from there.
The company's sales force welcomed the shake-up.
< p > Once again, I have not asked anyone to do anything but tell the truth.
Republican Janet Holmes a Court called for a constitutional amendment with a new preamble to be written by Australian poets: "We need the smell of eucalyptus in it and the feeling of red dust."
Yesterday, New York Governor George Pataki visited five counties where a state of emergency was declared.
In addition to the estimated 45,000 Marines who will eventually be part of Operation Desert Shield, stealth aircraft and the aircraft carrier John F. Kennedy will fly to Saudi Arabia to protect the country from Iraqi expansionism.
However, Farkas, who was charged by the District of Columbia traffic police in December with driving under the influence of alcohol, was ordered home and retired.
For adult women, the rate rose 0.4 percent to 4.4 percent.
A joint statement with Tourism Minister Andrew Thomson said two new flights would leave Bombay on Mondays and Tuesdays from 30 March and the third every Thursday from 6 August.
Gen. Nhek Bunchhay, a loyalist of ousted Cambodian Prime Minister Prince Norodom Ranariddh, said in an interview with The Associated Press at his hilltop headquarters that he hoped to recover the remains of Christopher Howes within the next two weeks.
At a news conference, Secretary of State James A. Baker III said Jordan was seeking "guidance" on a provision in the UN-backed trade embargo that allows food for humanitarian purposes.
With potential inflation offset by worries about possible price declines, the Fed and its chairman, Alan Greenspan, have indicated that they intend to leave interest rates unchanged until the economy clearly tilts one way or the other.
Prime Minister John Howard, himself a monarchist, promised to put the issue to a national referendum next year after delegates to Congress voted 89-52 in favor of a republic with 11 abstentions.
Kuchma also wanted to visit Russian gas giant Gazprom, likely to discuss Ukraine's $1.2 billion debt to the company.
The move appeared aimed at averting further trouble with Iran, which condemned Iraq's August 2 invasion of Kuwait but also criticized multinational troops sent to Saudi Arabia.
"The idea of a republic will crumble to dust by the grace of Almighty God." "
The US military buildup in the Persian Gulf is progressing rapidly, with more aircraft from the United States and senior officials saying Iraqi President Saddam Hussein can expect punishing air strikes to continue well into the future unless he stops building biological and chemical weapons.
The adult male unemployment rate fell to 3.8 percent last month from 4.1 percent in December, the lowest level in nearly two decades, according to the data.
Banks remained closed.
Qantas India manager Khursheed Lam said the airline was working closely with the Australian Tourist Commission to develop greater awareness of Australia in the Indian market.
According to newspaper reports, Amir was in love with Har-Shefi and may have tried to impress her by killing the prime minister.
One of the scenarios widely circulated before the visit is that Cuba, still led by Castro, can begin a more productive relationship with the world through the pope.
By the afternoon, official Serbian sources said that the operation was over, but this has not yet been confirmed from Belgrade, the capital of Serbia, where the entire attack is said to have been planned.
Many NASA observers say female astronauts have become part of the agency's routine.
No one held them back.
In January this year, British police searching for Howes concluded that he had probably been killed shortly after his capture.
A small hardcore group led by Pol Pot remained at their headquarters in Anlong Veng in northern Cambodia, near the Thai border.
Air Force Lt. Col. Eileen Collins is named commander of the space shuttle Columbia for a mission in December.
In an interview with Jordanian broadcaster ABC, he declined to discuss details, but said: "I don't think His Majesty would travel at this crucial moment if the Iraqi leadership didn't have a rational approach to the future."
Crown Prince Hassan, King Hussein's brother and political adviser, was asked today about the message the king is said to be delivering.
"These women's lifestyles are extremely dangerous," she said.
In the largest US military operation since Vietnam, an estimated 20,000 American GIs have already gathered to defend Saudi Arabia.
In a further attempt at mediation, the Soviet Union announced today that it had sent an envoy to the Middle East to involve Baghdad.
People have predicted its demise so many times, and the US has tried several times to hasten it.
The reason: The authorities have uncovered tantalizing new evidence.
Both US and British officials objected to the court's jurisdiction in 1995, claiming that Security Council resolutions imposed on Libya to force the extradition of the suspects invalidated a 1971 convention giving Libya the right to bring the men to justice.
Bush also said Thursday that King Hussein had assured him that Jordan would close the last remaining free port for most of Iraq's trade as the economic embargo on materials to Iraq continues unabated.
And the weakness of Asian economies is also likely to lead to a decline in demand for American exports.
In a further attempt at mediation, the Soviet Union announced today that it had sent an envoy to the Middle East to involve Baghdad.
Blassie's mother now wants the remains in the grave to be tested for DNA.
Concern grew, however, for the safety of Americans and other Westerners stranded in Kuwait.
Everyone seems to believe that Cuba will somehow change.
No one held them back.
At one point, when it became clear that air traffic controllers could not reach the plane, someone said a prayer.
"Nobody wants to stay in Lebanon, so we think it would be better to withdraw." "
The Saudi Islamic Academy has twelve hundred mostly American students, but would accommodate thirty-five hundred if it had the space.
"If the Lebanese government cooperates with us to take appropriate security precautions in southern Lebanon, we will gladly leave Lebanon as part of the implementation of UN Resolution 425," Netanyahu told his ministers.
Inspections of the palaces are not expected to begin until the procedures of the new agreement are in place.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu told his cabinet on Sunday that Israel was ready to withdraw from southern Lebanon if Israel's northern border could be secured.
We are Irish citizens living in our own country, "Adams said, adding:" Nationalists want to move towards Irish unity and see this process as a bridge in that direction. "
The move followed Intelogic's announcement that it would retain an investment banker to explore alternatives "to maximize shareholder value," including a possible sale of the company.
The discovery appeared to be the latest attempt by extremists opposed to the IRA's eight-month-old ceasefire to undermine the peace process, which is due to resume in Belfast on Monday.
Do - Donna Shalala, Secretary of Health and Human Services, says that patients who need an organ transplant should not take the risk of an organ becoming available in their area, nor should patients have to travel to transplant centers far from home to improve their chances of getting an organ.
Uri Lubrani, Israel's top official for Lebanon affairs, also hinted that Israel was ready to change its policy objectives in Lebanon.
JERUSALEM (AP) - Top Israeli officials sent strong new signals Sunday that Israel wants to withdraw from southern Lebanon, where a costly war of attrition continues to cost soldiers their lives.
The newspaper cited "secret reports" that Syria had expressed interest in resuming talks in remarks made last week by Syria's ambassador to Washington, Walid Mualem, in a speech to a closed forum in Baltimore.
The application will provide the necessary framework and infrastructure to support e-commerce initiatives in the country.
"Nobody wants to stay in Lebanon, so we think it would be better to withdraw." "
But the pro-British Protestant majority in the north is strongly opposed to Irish unification and instead wants a strong government for Northern Ireland, which has been directly ruled by London since 1972.
An Iraqi government official, speaking on customary condition of anonymity, said Knight would not try to visit any of the eight presidential sites that Baghdad had barred U.N. weapons inspectors from visiting.
Law enforcement officials say such reports are likely to increase as police departments begin to report hate crimes more accurately than in the past.
The Iraqi leader announced yesterday, in an "initiative" aimed both at mobilizing Arab public opinion and launching meaningful negotiations, that he would withdraw his troops from Kuwait only if Israel withdrew from the West Bank and Syria withdrew from Lebanon.
"If the Lebanese government cooperates with us to take appropriate security precautions in southern Lebanon, we will gladly leave Lebanon as part of the implementation of UN Resolution 425," Netanyahu told his ministers.
This 1978 resolution calls for Israel's unconditional withdrawal from the self-proclaimed security zone it occupies in southern Lebanon and for the deployment of the Lebanese army and UN troops to ensure security along the Lebanese-Israeli border.
Israelis suffered a record 39 deaths in southern Lebanon last year.
The newspaper cited "secret reports" that Syria had expressed interest in resuming talks in remarks made last week by Syria's ambassador to Washington, Walid Mualem, in a speech to a closed forum in Baltimore.
JERUSALEM (AP) - A friend of Yitzhak Rabin's assassin spoke out Friday in her own defense, saying she regretted calling the prime minister a traitor and praying for his death.
Margalit Har-Shefi, 22, has pleaded not guilty to failing to report Yigal Amir's plan to kill Rabin.
She stood in a Tel Aviv court for more than four hours on Friday.
Amir, 27, is serving a life sentence for killing Rabin at a peace rally in Tel Aviv in November 1995.
According to newspaper reports, Amir was in love with Har-Shefi and may have tried to impress her by killing the prime minister.
Har-Shefi admitted that she told police interrogators that Rabin was a traitor and that she prayed that he would suffer a heart attack and die.
She said Rabin's assassination was "a black mark on Israel," Israeli radio and army radio reported.
Har-Shefi said she heard Amir talk about killing Rabin but did not inform the police because she did not believe he was serious.
Instead, she turned to her community rabbi in the Jewish settlement of Beit El in the West Bank and told him about Amir's statements.
The rabbi called talk of Rabin's killing "nonsense" and said Jews should not kill each other, the radio reports said.
Har-Shefi described Amir as an "original thinker," "delusional and a liar."
She also rejected accusations by Amir's brother Hagai that she had joined an anti-Arab underground movement.
She said she gave the Amir brothers false information about the location of a cache of weapons and ammunition when they asked her to help organize such a movement.
Despite the recent possibility of military conflict with Iraq, oil prices have fallen, owing to a global oil glut.
With a diplomatic solution to the crisis seemingly within reach, oil prices should fall further from the North Sea Brent to light Swedish crude.
Oil prices have fallen from a level of $22 a barrel in mid-October to the $14 we are seeing today.
This has built up a momentum of its own, and this momentum will only intensify.
Oh, and then there is the level of thirteen dollars a barrel that we saw in the winter of ninety-four.
Weakened oil prices have already made life easier for motorists at the pump.
Gas prices have fallen nearly two cents a gallon in the past two weeks.
That's according to the Lundberg survey of tens of thousands of gas stations nationwide.
NEW YORK _ A Brooklyn woman who saw her clothes dry in a laundromat was killed Thursday night when two would-be robbers emptied their guns into the store, police said.
The men appeared at the store at 469 Vermont St. in Brownsville about 7: 15 p.m. after the victim, Linda Sanders, 35, had finished cleaning and was waiting for her clothes to dry, investigators said.
"It looks like they panicked," one detective, who wished to remain anonymous, said of the robbers.
They planned to rob the place.
There were four or five people in there and they just started shooting. ""
Sanders was hit several times and pronounced dead at the scene.
The other customers fled, but no one was injured, police said.
The men did not take any money from their victim or the establishment, said Detective Joseph Pentangelo, a spokesman for the police department.
Victor Miranda, who lives in Ms. Sanders's home at 405 Williams Ave., said the washing machines in the building were removed a few years ago to make room for administrative offices.
The British Government has officially called for Sinn Fein, the political wing of the IRA, to be excluded from multi-party peace talks on Northern Ireland.
The move had been widely expected after the Police Service of Northern Ireland said it believed the IRA was behind two murders in Belfast last week.
Sinn Fein leader Mitchell McLaughlin said the party would challenge the move by legal means if necessary.
We will fight them.
And, erm, we have already very strongly questioned the conditions under which this was presented.
But we question it on the grounds that the RUC has, er, issued a statement, and that statement will be used as a mechanism to exclude us from the talks, and erm, that is very serious.
Any decision to exclude Sinn Fein must be taken jointly by the governments of the United Kingdom and the Irish Republic.
The lights are out and the heat is out, and these vital signs are unlikely to change much for people in parts of the northeastern United States and eastern Canada over the next few days.
A powerful ice storm continues to grip.
Yesterday, New York Governor George Pataki visited five counties where a state of emergency was declared.
He added another today.
Helicopters are flying over northern New York today trying to find people stranded without food, heat or medicine.
In Maine, about half a million people still have no electricity, and they will have to live without it for a while.
BUDAPEST, Hungary (AP) _ Hungarian astronaut Bertalan Farkas is tired of being marginalized and going to the United States to start a new career, he said Saturday.
"At 48, it's too early to retire," a fit Farkas said on state television's morning talk show.
Together with the American astronaut Jon McBride, Farkas founded an American-Hungarian joint venture called Orion in 1980, which manufactures technologies for space travel.
Farkas will move to the company's U.S. headquarters.
Farkas, an Air Force captain, was sent into space aboard Soyuz 36 on May 26, 1980.
He spent six days aboard the Salyut 6 spacecraft with the three Soviet astronauts Valeri Kubasov, Leonid Popov and Valeri Ryumin.
McBride, 54, of Lewisburg, West Virginia, was part of a seven-person crew aboard the orbiter Challenger in October 1984 and later served as NASA's deputy administrator for congressional relations.
Farkas said he hopes to one day follow in the footsteps of fellow astronaut John Glenn, who at 77 is on the verge of returning to space.
On 22 May 1995, Farkas was appointed Brigadier General and, the following year, Military Attaché at the Hungarian Embassy in Washington.
However, Farkas, who was charged by the District of Columbia traffic police in December with driving under the influence of alcohol, was ordered home and retired.
ISTANBUL, Turkey (AP) _ About 1,500 ethnic Albanians marched in downtown Istanbul on Sunday, burning Serbian flags to protest the killing of ethnic Albanians by Serb police in the southern Serbian province of Kosovo.
Police prevented the crowd from reaching the Yugoslav consulate in downtown Istanbul, but allowed them to demonstrate on nearby streets.
"Stop the bloodshed in Kosovo," protesters chanted.
In the capital Ankara, meanwhile, a few hundred ethnic Albanians laid a black wreath at the gate of the Yugoslav Embassy.
The Serbian police say they are trying to eliminate the pro-independence Kosovo Liberation Army and restore order.
Clashes between Serb police and ethnic Albanians in the troubled region have killed at least 51 people in recent days.
Concerned that the civil war in Kosovo could spread to the entire Balkans, Turkey called on all Balkan countries to sign a joint declaration to resolve the Kosovo crisis peacefully and without border changes.
MOSCOW (AP) _ Presidents Leonid Kuchma of Ukraine and Boris Yeltsin of Russia signed an economic cooperation plan Friday, and Yeltsin claimed they had solved more nagging problems.
Russia and Ukraine share similar cultures and languages, and Ukraine has been ruled from Moscow for centuries.
But, while the two Slavic neighbors see themselves as natural partners, their relations have been strained by a series of disputes since the Soviet Union's disintegration: Black Sea naval bases, border problems, and Ukraine's natural gas debt.
"We have covered the entire list of issues and discussed how we will address them," Yeltsin was quoted as saying by the ITAR-Tass news agency.
< unk > I have to say that there are no more unsolved problems.
We've solved them all. ""
But his full statement gave no details and gave no indication of how the disputes might be resolved.
Their solution would require a compromise between the parliaments of the two nations.
A major point of contention is a comprehensive political treaty on demarcation, which the two presidents signed last May.
Indeed, the treaty amounts to Russia's recognition of Ukraine's sovereignty and borders, and the Ukrainian parliament has already ratified it.
But Russia has blocked ratification, trying to tie it to an agreement that would allow the Russian navy to use a naval base on Ukraine's Crimean peninsula for at least another 20 years.
In their joint statement issued after the talks, Yeltsin and Kuchma called for ratification of the treaty as soon as possible, which would create a "strong legal basis" for bilateral relations and contribute to stability in Europe.
Kuchma had assured Yeltsin that Ukraine would not join NATO, Yeltsin's spokesman Sergei Yastrzhembski said, according to the Interfax news agency.
Russia's leaders have staunchly opposed the Western alliance's expansion into Eastern Europe.
In their joint statement issued by the Kremlin, the two Heads of State also undertook to consult regularly on their approaches to relations with NATO, and in particular on their actions under NATO's Partnership for Peace programme.
Last year, Russian officials attacked Ukraine for holding joint naval exercises with NATO in the Black Sea - an area Moscow considers its own territory.
Kuchma has repeatedly said that Ukraine will remain neutral for the foreseeable future.
Yeltsin and Kuchma also called for the development of stagnant relations between members of the Commonwealth of Independent States, a loose coalition of former Soviet republics.
In the past, Russia has often claimed that Ukraine is undermining efforts for closer cooperation within the CIS.
A key goal of Kuchma's four-day state visit was to sign a 10-year economic program aimed at doubling the two nations "trade turnover, which fell to $14 billion last year from $2.5 billion in 1996.
The two presidents signed the plan on Friday, which provides for cooperation in the fields of metallurgy, fuel, energy, aircraft construction, rocket, space and chemical industries.
A major project is the joint production of An-70 cargo planes, the Kremlin statement said.
The program also calls for coordination of economic reforms and joint improvement of social programs in the two countries, where many people have become impoverished during the chaotic post-Soviet transition to capitalism.
Kuchma also wanted to visit Russian gas giant Gazprom, likely to discuss Ukraine's $1.2 billion debt to the company.
ADDIS ABABA, Ethiopia (AP) _ The Organization of African Unity said Friday it will investigate the Hutu-organized genocide of more than 500,000 Tutsis in Rwanda nearly four years ago.
The foreign ministers of the member states meeting in the Ethiopian capital agreed to set up a seven-member panel to investigate who shot down the plane of Rwandan President Juvenal Habyarimana on 6 April 1994.
The assassination triggered a murderous rampage by Hutu security forces and civilians, who slaughtered mainly Tutsis, but also Hutus who advocated reconciliation with the minority.
It also rekindled the civil war.
The panel will also look at the exodus of some 2 million Rwandan Hutus to neighbouring countries where they lived in UN refugee camps that they ran for two and a half years.
The investigation will examine the role of internal and external forces before and after the genocide, as well as the role of the United Nations and its agencies and the OAU before, during and after the genocide, "the OAU said.
The panel will be based in Addis Ababa and complete its investigation within a year, it said.
It will be financed by voluntary contributions from Germany and abroad.
President Clinton is committed to a possible military strike on Iraq, despite the objections of other countries.
The US military buildup in the Persian Gulf is progressing rapidly, with more aircraft from the United States and senior officials saying Iraqi President Saddam Hussein can expect punishing air strikes to continue well into the future unless he stops building biological and chemical weapons.
Saddam will know from our actions and our warning that we will be ready to act again if we have evidence that he is trying to rebuild his weapons of mass destruction.
In a kind of televised diplomacy, Iraq's deputy foreign minister from Baghdad responded in less than an hour that Washington was violating international law by attacking without UN approval.
The United States has no authority to use force before turning to the Security Council.
Meanwhile, President Clinton on Thursday glossed over stark warnings from Moscow that US airstrikes against Iraq could seriously damage relations with the Kremlin.
We are trying to find a diplomatic solution.
And I hope that whatever happens today, our relations with Russia will continue to be productive, constructive and strong, because that is very important for the future of our peoples.
The president took the opposite view when he arrived in Philadelphia later in the day.
Still, the president said Washington would use force if diplomacy failed to force Saddam Hussein to back down.
Russia's foreign minister, meanwhile, sought to soften his military counterpart's harsh words, saying Friday that Russia now feels the US must hold back at least until UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan visits Baghdad in a last-ditch diplomatic effort.
Annan has not yet scheduled a trip.
Meanwhile, Secretary of State Madeleine Albright, Berger, and Defense Secretary William Cohen announced that they will travel to an unnamed city in the US heartland next week to explain to the American people why military force will be necessary if diplomacy fails.
The long-haul giant is cutting up to eighteen thousand jobs, freezing executive pay and shaking up management.
The changes are part of a $6 billion cost-cutting initiative to revive its position in the telecommunications business.
Earlier, AT & T also announced an 18 percent drop in fourth-quarter profit.
The company's sales force welcomed the shake-up.
We're not used to that in the industry.
But I think at the moment it's pretty intense for AT and T and the people here, as you might imagine.
You know, since he's been here, the stock has soared so much that I think he's doing the right thing.
I think it is a good thing that they are finally reducing the size of the administration, because there is a lot of waste.
I think it's excellent for the company.
But investors are approaching the changes with caution: AT & T shares fell nearly four percent to $61.
Former Savings Bank boss Charles Keating is facing further legal problems in California.
A federal appeals court has overturned his conviction for securities fraud.
Ninety-nine years ago, Charles Keating was convicted in state court of aiding and abetting the fraud of thousands of investors who bought high-risk junk bonds sold by Keating's associates at Lincoln Savings and Loan.
The bonds became worthless when the bankrupt thrift was seized by state regulators.
Nineteen of Keating's convictions were rejected on formal grounds.
And on that basis, Keating was released from prison before he was eligible for parole.
Now the Ninth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals has ruled that the original appeal was flawed because it raised questions that had not previously been raised.
That means the convictions stand, a ruling that Keating's lawyers are likely to send back to the state court, where they must begin a new appeal process.
NEWARK, N.J. _ A new Essex County task force began investigating the killings of 14 black women in the Newark area over the past five years on Thursday, as law enforcement acknowledged they had to work harder to solve the cases of murdered women.
Police and prosecutors said they had identified several suspects in six of the cases and had not yet found a link between the killings or the victims, several of whom are believed to have been prostitutes.
State, regional and local law enforcement officials have expressed concern in recent months about a possible pattern of murdered women and a disproportionate number of unsolved cases.
Citing one example, Sgt. Derek Glenn, a spokesman for the Newark Police Department, said that of nine women killed last year, only four had suspects arrested.
Overall, however, there have been arrests in more than 60 percent of homicides.
Eight of the 14 murders since 1993 have already been investigated by the Newark Police Department, Glenn said.
Of the eight victims, three were stabbed, two strangled, two beaten to death and one suffocated, he said, and these different killing methods and other evidence seem to indicate that the eight cases are unrelated.
But with the task force's investigation only just under way, officials have been careful not to draw firm conclusions, leaving open the possibility of a serial killer in some cases.
"I haven't seen a pattern," said Patricia Hurt, the Essex County prosecutor who launched the task force on Tuesday.
"These women's lifestyles are extremely dangerous," she said.
BBC correspondent Karyn Coleman reports from Kosovo.
There were other reports of people fleeing the villages near where the offensive took place.
They were too afraid to stay because they feared that the armed forces would move their operations further afield.
By the afternoon, official Serbian sources said that the operation was over, but this has not yet been confirmed from Belgrade, the capital of Serbia, where the entire attack is said to have been planned.
Ethnic Albanians here in Kosovo are very worried about the future and fear witnessing a much wider conflict.
DEN HAAG, The Netherlands (AP) _ The World Court on Friday rejected objections by the United States and Britain to a case before Libya's world court blocking the trial of two Libyans suspected of blowing up a Pan Am jumbo jet over Scotland in 1988.
Libya, which took the case to the United Nations' highest judicial body in a dispute with the United States and Britain, welcomed the ruling and said it would press again for a trial in a third neutral country.
Both US and British officials objected to the court's jurisdiction in 1995, claiming that Security Council resolutions imposed on Libya to force the extradition of the suspects invalidated a 1971 convention giving Libya the right to bring the men to justice.
The Pentagon said today it will re-examine whether the remains in the Tomb of the Unknown from the Vietnam War are actually known.
CBS News first reported last night that the grave may contain the remains of Air Force pilot Michael Blassie.
It was suspected that the corpse was Blassie because his uniform and identity card were found near the corpse in Vietnam.
But they were subsequently lost.
Blassie's mother now wants the remains in the grave to be tested for DNA.
Iraq's Saddam Hussein, who faced US and Arab troops on the Saudi border, sought peace on another front today by promising to withdraw from Iranian territory and release soldiers captured during the Iran-Iraq war.
Also today, King Hussein of Jordan arrived in Washington to mediate in the Persian Gulf crisis.
President Bush said Tuesday that the United States could extend its naval quarantine to Jordan's Red Sea port of Aqaba to close Iraq's last unhindered trade route.
In a further attempt at mediation, the Soviet Union announced today that it had sent an envoy to the Middle East to involve Baghdad.
Soviet officials also said Soviet women, children and invalids would be allowed to leave Iraq.
President Bush today condemned Saddam's "ruinous policy of war" and said the United States was "striking a blow to the principle that may not be right."
In a speech at the Pentagon, Bush seemed to hint that American troops might be in the Gulf for some time.
"No one should doubt our staying power or our determination," he said.
The US military buildup in Saudi Arabia has continued feverishly, and Syrian troops are now part of a multinational force camped out in the desert to protect the Saudi kingdom from a new push by Iraq.
In a letter to Iranian President Hashemi Rafsanjani, read by a Baghdad radio station, Saddam said he would begin withdrawing troops from Iranian territory on Friday and release Iranian prisoners of war.
Iran said an Iraqi diplomatic delegation was on its way to Tehran to deliver Saddam's message, which it would examine "with optimism."
Saddam appeared to accept a border demarcation treaty that he had rejected in peace talks following the August 1988 ceasefire of the eight-year war with Iran.
The move appeared aimed at averting further trouble with Iran, which condemned Iraq's August 2 invasion of Kuwait but also criticized multinational troops sent to Saudi Arabia.
Saddam said he wanted to "turn the Gulf into a lake of peace, free from foreign fleets and forces with evil intentions against us."
In other developments, the Pentagon said that Defense Secretary Dick Cheney is considering pressing Bush to order a national call-up of active-duty military reserves because the units that send soldiers abroad are overstretched.
Bush can call up to 200,000 reservists for up to 180 days without seeking congressional approval.
Soviet Foreign Ministry spokesman Yuri Gremitsky said special envoy Mikhail Sytenko left Tuesday for consultations with the governments of Syria, Jordan, Egypt and other Arab countries.
Sytenko, a former deputy secretary general of the United Nations, is also expected in Baghdad, Gremitskikh said today at a regular press briefing.
When Saddam sent his troops to the small, oil-rich sultanate, the prospects for some 3,000 Americans trapped in Iraq and Kuwait dimmed.
Iraq's ambassador to Greece said in Athens that the Americans and other stranded foreigners could leave the country "once the threats of the United States and its allies are removed."
ABC quoted an Iraqi foreign ministry official in Baghdad as saying the Americans in Iraq were "restrictors" who would remain there until the crisis was over.
The Soviet Foreign Ministry said Soviet women, children and invalids would be allowed to leave Iraq.
Spokesman Yuri Gremitskikh said the first group of 230 evacuees were gathering in Baghdad today, but evacuation plans were hampered by desert heat and a lack of transportation.
Nearly 9,000 Soviets were among the hundreds of thousands of foreigners held captive in Iraq and Kuwait.
Iraq has agreed to allow all 880 Soviets in Kuwait to leave, but only via a 1,200-mile road through Iraq and to the Iraq-Jordan border.
The British Foreign Office said today that conditions in Kuwait appear to be deteriorating.
There were reports of looting at the wholesale store, but food and gasoline were still available, said a spokesman, who could not be identified.
Banks remained closed.
Iraq's ambassador to Venezuela said Tuesday that Iraq would retaliate against Venezuela and other members of the OPEC oil cartel if they boost oil production to fill the gap left by blocked supplies from Iraq and Kuwait.
Now that Kuwait has been annexed, Iraq controls 20 percent of the world's oil reserves.
On 6 August, the UN Security Council ordered a global trade embargo on Iraq as punishment for the capture of Kuwait.
Bush then sent U.S. troops and planes to Saudi Arabia, saying Iraqi troops stationed nearby in Kuwait were threatening Saudi Arabia and its vast oil reserves.
Twelve Arab League nations voted for an Arab force to protect Saudi Arabia, with the vanguard of the Syrian contingent arriving on Tuesday, according to diplomatic sources in the Saudi capital, Riyadh.
The predominantly Muslim nation of Bangladesh said today its troops would join multinational forces in Saudi Arabia.
The size of the contingent was not disclosed.
Turkey and Saudi Arabia effectively closed Iraq's main oil wells through those countries, but a smaller line to Jordan remained in operation, according to Jordanian officials.
Truckloads of goods rolled into Iraq from Jordan on Tuesday and Iraqi cargo was unloaded from ships at the Red Sea port of Aqaba despite United Nations-ordered sanctions.
King Hussein is said to have delivered a message to Bush from Iraq's Saddam, whom the king met on Monday.
The monarch will meet Bush on Thursday in Kennebunkport, Maine.
Crown Prince Hassan, King Hussein's brother and political adviser, was asked today about the message the king is said to be delivering.
In an interview with Jordanian broadcaster ABC, he declined to discuss details, but said: "I don't think His Majesty would travel at this crucial moment if the Iraqi leadership didn't have a rational approach to the future."
A CBS News report, citing unidentified Jordanian sources, said Saddam's embassy is calling for an international conference to discuss an Iraqi withdrawal from Kuwait.
In return, the increase in US troops in the region would be halted.
But Bush says he sees no short-term hope for a diplomatic solution to the Gulf crisis - at least until economic sanctions force Saddam to withdraw his army.
Bush offered Jordan more aid if it cooperated with the trade embargo.
In Washington on Tuesday, the United States and the Soviet Union discussed putting a naval blockade of Iraq under the umbrella of the United Nations.
The United States has so far provided the most naval vessels to block Iraqi trade, with Britain, West Germany and Australia among the other nations providing support at sea.
The embargo is intended to cripple Iraq by cutting off its oil exports and imports of food and military goods.
U.S. allies and other U.N. members have objected that the Security Council's embargo resolution does not explicitly authorize such a naval operation.
Bush told a news conference Tuesday that the current naval blockade could be extended to Jordan's Aqaba "if it is a hole through which trade flows into and out of Iraq."
In Saudi Arabia today is the eighth day of Operation Desert Shield, which is expected to confront an estimated 200,000 Iraqi soldiers in Kuwait.
Iraq has an army of one million members.
At least 50,000 U.S. troops are expected to be deployed to Desert Shield within weeks, including Marines, Air Force, paratroopers and infantry.
Iraq said it invaded Kuwait over disputes over oil and money.
Among other things, it accused Kuwait of deliberately cutting Iraqi oil revenues by producing too much oil and depressing prices.
Iraq has 17 million inhabitants, Kuwait about 1.9 million.
The US Federal Aviation Administration released tapes today in Washington of the night the TWA flight was grounded eight hundred times.
There's nothing new about why the plane exploded, but you can't miss the moment.
In the last conversation between the controllers and TWA pilot Steven Snyder, there were no indications of problems.
TWA's eight hundred heavy climb and maintaining a five thousand Leavin - three thousand.
But a minute and a half later, a pilot reports from a nearby flight.
Oh, we just saw an explosion in front of us up here, about 16,000 feet or so.
It just went down.
The controller at the Boston Center is trying to raise eight hundred.
TWA eight hundred, if you listen to Center, ident.
Later, the pilot asks the easterly wind pilot for further details.
It - It just exploded in the air, and then we saw two fireballs going down to the water, and there was a big little, ah, smoke coming out of it.
At one point, when it became clear that air traffic controllers could not reach the plane, someone said a prayer.
WASHINGTON _ The economy created surprisingly robust jobs in January, the government said Friday, evidence that America's economic staying power has so far withstood all the disruption caused by the financial turmoil in Asia.
The Bureau of Labor Statistics said the economy added 358,000 jobs last month, far more than the 235,000 forecast by economists.
With growing job opportunities luring more people into the labor market, the unemployment rate remained at 4.7% last month, just above its lowest level in a quarter-century.
Demand for labor also led employers to raise wages again last month.
Average hourly earnings for manufacturing and non-supervisory workers rose 4 cents to $12.51.
The increase pushed wages 3.8% higher than a year earlier, continuing a trend that gave workers back some of the earning power they had lost to inflation over the past decade.
Economists, however, said the wage increase was not enough to raise concerns about higher inflation.
And, because the Federal Reserve has made it clear that it expects the economy to slow in the coming months as ripple effects from Asia reach the United States, investors ignored the big job gains and bet that neither a rise in interest rates nor resurgent inflation is imminent.
Stocks rose, pushing the Dow Jones Industrial Average up 72.24 points to 8,189.49, leaving the index within 70 points of its August 6 record high.
In the bond market, a sensitive barometer of inflation fears, prices rose, pushing the yield on the 30-year Treasury note to 5.92 percent from 5.93 percent.
"Job creation is robust and we have effective price stability," said Paul McCulley, an economist at UBS Securities.
With potential inflation offset by worries about possible price declines, the Fed and its chairman, Alan Greenspan, have indicated that they intend to leave interest rates unchanged until the economy clearly tilts one way or the other.
January's employment figures extended a surge in job gains that began last fall when the labor market showed signs of cooling.
After a slight downward revision from Friday to December, the economy added 358,000 jobs in the last four months and 381,000 in the last three months, up from an average of 242,000 in the first nine months of 1997.
The increase in jobs reflects a remarkable convergence of positive and self-reinforcing economic forces.
After a brief, steep slump when Asia's financial problems first became apparent, the stock market has recovered and corporate profits have remained healthy.
Long-term interest rates, an important indicator of economic stability, have fallen in recent months.
Lower interest rates have helped boost housing and other interest-sensitive sectors of the economy by making credit more affordable and allowing businesses to continue to invest heavily in more efficient equipment.
The likelihood that the federal budget will soon move from deficit to surplus has further improved the outlook.
President Clinton welcomed the figures at a news conference on Friday.
His advisers said the results reflected not only the balanced budget, but also initiatives such as improved access to education and training and opening foreign markets to trade.
The biggest job gains were in construction, which added 92,000 jobs in January.
The rise reflected the strength of the housing sector, which was boosted not only by falling interest rates but also by unusually warm weather.
The services sector also posted solid job gains, as did manufacturers - two areas likely to be hardest hit when the effects of the Asian crisis hit the American economy.
The biggest damage from Asia is likely to come from the fall in the value of many Asian currencies against the dollar - a situation that is expected to lead to an increase in cheap imports to the United States, hurting American competition.
And the weakness of Asian economies is also likely to lead to a decline in demand for American exports.
"The economy is running on the fumes of strength from before the Asian shock," McCulley said.
"These fumes will run out and the manufacturing sector will start to beat itself up in the spring." "
The adult male unemployment rate fell to 3.8 percent last month from 4.1 percent in December, the lowest level in nearly two decades, according to the data.
For adult women, the rate rose 0.4 percent to 4.4 percent.
For the first time, the Labor Department broke down unemployment by educational level, gender, age and race.
The analysis showed that unemployment rates fell steadily with higher levels of education.
O'SMACH, Cambodia (AP) _ The top commander of a Cambodian resistance force said Thursday he has sent a team to recover the remains of a British mine-clearing expert kidnapped and presumed killed by Khmer Rouge guerrillas nearly two years ago.
Gen. Nhek Bunchhay, a loyalist of ousted Cambodian Prime Minister Prince Norodom Ranariddh, said in an interview with The Associated Press at his hilltop headquarters that he hoped to recover the remains of Christopher Howes within the next two weeks.
Howes had been working for the UK-based Mines Advisory Group when he was kidnapped with his Cambodian interpreter Houn Hourth in March 1996.
Howes' team was 17 kilometres from Angkor Wat, the fabled 11th century temple that is Cambodia's main tourist attraction, when it was attacked.
In January this year, British police searching for Howes concluded that he had probably been killed shortly after his capture.
The Foreign Office said it had informed the family of Howes, who was 37 at the time of his abduction, that he was likely to have died within weeks or months of his capture on 26 March 1996.
< p > Obviously it's deeply disheartening for the family after 22 months, but there's no proof of life.
But there is no evidence either way that there is evidence of life or death, "a Foreign Office spokesman said on condition of anonymity.
"We will continue to do everything in our power to establish what happened." "
Thai military officials who oversee Cambodian affairs said privately on Thursday that Britain, through its embassies in Thailand and Cambodia, had gone to great lengths to resolve Howe's case on the eve of the second anniversary of his abduction.
Nhek Bunchhay, who was closely involved in the search for Howes before he was forced to flee the Cambodian capital following a coup last year, said he was confident Howes' remains would be found.
He said he had received information from Khmer Rouge guerrillas about where the body was buried, and recently ordered 10 of his men from a 500-strong force near Khmer Rouge headquarters in Anlong Veng to conduct the search.
If and when the remains were found, he said, they would be handed over to the British Embassy, apparently meaning they would be sent across the border to Thailand and on to Bangkok.
Nhek Bunchhay said he now believes Howes was killed within a week of his capture by a Khmer Rouge group loyal to Pol Pot, the guerrilla group's leader at the time.
Pol Pot is blamed for the radical policies that led to the deaths of 1.7 million Cambodians when the communist group was in power in the late 1970s.
When Howes was captured, the Khmer Rouge were a more or less unified guerrilla force with more than 10,000 men under arms.
But the group began to break up in mid-1996 after one of its leaders, Ieng Sary, defected.
Other commanders and thousands of guerrillas followed him.
A small hardcore group led by Pol Pot remained at their headquarters in Anlong Veng in northern Cambodia, near the Thai border.
But in June last year there was a rift between the remaining leadership and Pol Pot was arrested.
Last July, in Cambodia's capital Phnom Penh, Second Prime Minister Hun Sen staged a successful coup against First Prime Minister Prince Norodom Ranariddh.
Ranariddh's loyalists, including his top military commander Nhek Bunchhay, went into hiding or fled the capital.
Nhek Bunchhay evaded an intense manhunt and made his way to O'Smach, the last major outpost of Ranariddh's forces.
They were supported by Khmer Rouge guerrillas from Anlong Veng, who formed an alliance with Ranariddh's resistance forces against Hun Sen.
CANBERRA, Australia (AP) _ Qantas will almost double its flights between Australia and India by August in search of new markets unaffected by the crippling Asian financial crisis.
The move comes barely a month after Qantas suspended a number of services between Australia, Indonesia, Thailand and Malaysia in the wake of the Asian economic crisis.
The airline has also cancelled all flights to South Korea.
Qantas is planning daily flights between Sydney and Bombay from its current four flights a week to boost business and tourism ties with India, the airline said on Friday.
A joint statement with Tourism Minister Andrew Thomson said two new flights would leave Bombay on Mondays and Tuesdays from 30 March and the third every Thursday from 6 August.
This will add nearly 700 seats per week on the route.
Thomson, who spoke to leading tourism figures in India, said the flights would provide additional support to the growing tourism market.
Qantas India manager Khursheed Lam said the airline was working closely with the Australian Tourist Commission to develop greater awareness of Australia in the Indian market.
Qantas will also appoint a Bombay-based PR consultant.
Even an officially sanctioned one.
UNESCO declared it a protected site because of its beauty and historical importance.
When the Soviet Union invaded Afghanistan, the city could have needed special protection.
Most of the city's monuments were destroyed, including a magnificent mosque that dominated the skyline for centuries.
Some families have kept their glass work secrets for more than two thousand years.
Although this city is located in Afghanistan, most people here speak a dialect of the Persian language and have long-standing cultural ties to neighboring Iran.
Do you think you got it?
Well, honestly, I don't have that, but the answer will come in a few minutes.
CANBERRA, Australia (AP) _ A constitutional convention voted overwhelmingly Friday to make Australia a republic under its own president.
Prime Minister John Howard, himself a monarchist, promised to put the issue to a national referendum next year after delegates to Congress voted 89-52 in favor of a republic with 11 abstentions.
Spontaneous applause echoed through the hall and the public gallery as the crucial vote went through by a wide margin.
"I want a referendum," Howard said.
'The Australian people deserve the opportunity to have their say, 'he said.
"It would be a travesty of the common sense of Australian democracy if this claim were not put to the Australian people," Mr Howard said.
Even in his own cabinet, Howard is becoming increasingly isolated with his monarchist stance.
Treasurer Peter Costello, Environment Minister Robert Hill and Justice Minister Daryl Williams voted for the republic on Friday.
"This convention will be seen as a turning point in our history," Australian Republican Movement spokeswoman Mary Delahunty said.
Pro-republicans hope to have an Australian president by the opening of the 2000 Olympics and the 100th anniversary of the founding of the Australian Federation.
Republican Janet Holmes a Court called for a constitutional amendment with a new preamble to be written by Australian poets: "We need the smell of eucalyptus in it and the feeling of red dust."
The monarchists hope to defeat the republic in the referendum.
"The phoney war is over and the real referendum campaign has clearly begun," said Kerry Jones, the executive director of Australians for a Constitutional Monarchy.
"Now we may say," God save the Queen, for nothing will save the republic, "" indignant monarchist delegate David Mitchell.
"The idea of a republic will crumble to dust by the grace of Almighty God." "
Polls show public support for a republic rising, from about 35 percent a few years ago to about 51 percent this year, as pro-monarchist sentiment wanes.
Australia has been independent since 1901 but, like many Commonwealth countries, still recognises the British monarch as head of state.
Howard said Queen Elizabeth II was very interested in the conference.
I can assure you that she is following very closely what I have been told and believes that it is up to us.
'It's no secret that she's signalled to me... she's a 20th century democrat, understands that the role of the Crown in Australia is in the hands of the Australian people, as it has been for almost a century. '
The model for a republic, adopted by supporters of the direct election of a president over bitter objections, requires presidential nominations to be made with public participation and the winning candidate to be determined by a two-thirds majority in parliament.
Former prime minister Paul Keating, who thrust the issue of republic into the spotlight in his unsuccessful 1996 re-election campaign, welcomed the result.
New evidence suggests a series of bombings in Atalanta and the explosion at a women's clinic in Alabama last month may be linked.
One person is killed.
More people are injured.
And just last month, a policeman was killed when a bomb exploded at another abortion clinic.
That man, Eric Rudolph, has already been charged in the Birmingham bombing.
Officers are now investigating whether Rudolph, who remains at large, is linked to all three attacks.
The reason: The authorities have uncovered tantalizing new evidence.
Steel plates found in the Olympic Park bombing appear to match those found in the bombing of an Atlanta abortion clinic.
These plates could have come from a machine shop in North Carolina, where a friend of Rudolph's worked.
And the nails found in the bombing of an Atlanta abortion clinic are identical to those found in Rudolph's warehouse in North Carolina.
A senior law enforcement source tells CNN there's a lot of circumstantial evidence and it would be extraordinary to have all these items and there's no connection.
And law enforcement officials say they can't ignore letters written under the name Army of God.
Army of God has claimed responsibility for the bombing of an abortion clinic in Atlanta, a ninety-seven attack on a gay lounge and the attack in Birmingham.
An intense manhunt, conducted by the FBI and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms, continues for Rudolph in the wilderness of western North Carolina.
And this week, FBI Director Louie Freeh assigned more agents to the search.
Freeh also ordered the task force in Atlanta to consolidate information, another indication that authorities suspect a link between all the bombings.
Behind closed doors, authorities say Rudolph has become a focus of their investigation.
Publicly, they are not prepared to make any blanket assertion.
The reason they remember Richard Jewell. pierre thomas, CNN, Washington.
Diplomacy appears to be making progress in resolving the standoff between the united nation and Iraq.
A UN spokesman said UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan was close to a breakthrough, but added that this had not yet happened.
Annan ended a three-hour meeting with Iraqi President Saddam Hussein in Baghdad today.
He is expected to meet with Iraqi Deputy Prime Minister Tariq Aziz later in the afternoon.
A key sticking point was Iraq's proposal to keep presidential seats open for no more than 60 days.
The UN Security Council insists that any agreement must give UN inspectors full access to all suspected weapons stockpiles.
Thousands of people demonstrated in Germany today against the high unemployment in the country.
With chants such as "Helmut Kohl must go," the unemployed took to the streets in the German capital Berlin, mirroring protests across the country.
With a general election looming in September, the record numbers could not have come at a worse time for Chancellor Kohl.
His promise to halve unemployment by the year 2000 has now been abandoned.
And German voters seem increasingly eager to dispense with the services of Europe's longest-serving leader.
People have predicted its demise so many times, and the US has tried several times to hasten it.
Time and again, he perseveres.
He has outlasted and sometimes outsmarted eight American presidents.
Fidel Castro invited John Paul for good reason.
The whole world will see pictures of the Pope in Cuba.
You will see pictures of the Pope with Fidel Castro.
It will convey to the rest of the world the view that Cuba is like any other nation, which, of course, the US has tried to convince the world that it is not.
For nearly forty years, the United States has categorically stated that it would not tolerate totalitarian rule in its own backyard.
It is the US economic and political embargo that is holding Cuba back.
The most important positive for Castro to invite the Pope is internationally, to be able to tell the rest of the world that this government is not as closed, intolerant, er, totalitarian as some claim.
One of the scenarios widely circulated before the visit is that Cuba, still led by Castro, can begin a more productive relationship with the world through the pope.
That, in turn, will put pressure on Washington to change.
Those observers who seek a battle between uncompromising representatives and very different ideologies are likely to be disappointed.
He says that he and the Pope both want to end the exploitation of man by man.
The question is who the Cubans will believe.
The biggest negative is the risk that the Pope's visit will convince many more Cubans to break away from the Cuban government.
If so, the Pope's visit would truly open a new chapter in the government's relations with its own society.
The Persian Gulf showdown between Iraq and the United States took a more personal turn on Thursday when Iraqi President Saddam Hussein called President Bush a liar and said the outbreak of holy war could bring thousands of Americans home in coffins.
Commenting on the two-week Gulf crisis from his vacation home in Maine, Bush said he saw little reason to be optimistic about resolving the dispute stemming from Iraq's invasion of oil-rich Kuwait and its subsequent military buildup on the border with Saudi Arabia.
After a two-hour meeting at his Kennebunkport home with King Hussein of Jordan, Bush said, "I have no sense of hope" that Iraq would withdraw its army from Kuwait.
Bush also said Thursday that King Hussein had assured him that Jordan would close the last remaining free port for most of Iraq's trade as the economic embargo on materials to Iraq continues unabated.
Food is one of the goods denied entry; Iraq imports about three-quarters of its food.
Pentagon sources in Washington, meanwhile, said the Bush administration plans to send 45,000 Marines to the region to support the thousands of troops already in the Gulf and the Saudi desert.
At a news conference, Secretary of State James A. Baker III said Jordan was seeking "guidance" on a provision in the UN-backed trade embargo that allows food for humanitarian purposes.
Concern grew, however, for the safety of Americans and other Westerners stranded in Kuwait.
Iraqi military authorities had ordered all Americans and Britons in Kuwait to gather at a hotel, officials said.
"Very few" of the 2,500 Americans in occupied Kuwait complied with the order, a senior U.S. official told the Associated Press news agency.
Iraq said the raid was intended to protect them from unspecified threats; British Foreign Secretary William Waldegrave called the order "serious and sinister."
"What we fear is that they will be interned somewhere, most likely in Iraq," Waldegrave said.
In addition to the estimated 45,000 Marines who will eventually be part of Operation Desert Shield, stealth aircraft and the aircraft carrier John F. Kennedy will fly to Saudi Arabia to protect the country from Iraqi expansionism.
Pentagon spokesman Pete Williams said in Washington that Iraq has continued to increase its forces in Kuwait and now has about 160,000 troops.
Saddam has been under international quarantine since coming to power on August 2 in what he calls an "eternal merger" with Kuwait.
In a lengthy verbal attack read out on Iraqi television on Thursday, Saddam repeatedly called Bush a "liar" and said a rampage could produce body bags for Baghdad.
"We continue to pray and pray hard to God that there will be no confrontation in which you receive thousands of Americans wrapped in sad coffins after pushing them into a dark tunnel," Saddam said.
He described the US soldiers stationed in Saudi Arabia as the real occupiers in the Persian Gulf.
State Department Deputy Spokesman Richard Boucher responded, "We haven't really analyzed the statement in detail, but it seems to be just another example of his outlandish rhetoric and attempts to distort the truth.
"We believe that his words cannot distract the world from the facts of Iraqi aggression."
Since the Iraqi invasion, triggered by disputes over oil, land, and the repayment of war credits, an international land, sea, and air force has mobilized.
In the largest US military operation since Vietnam, an estimated 20,000 American GIs have already gathered to defend Saudi Arabia.
"We don't just arrive," said four-star Gen. John Dailey, deputy commander of the U.S. Marine Corps.
"We're here to stay for a pretty long period of time." "
Egypt, Syria, Morocco, and Bangladesh also sent ground troops, but on a much smaller scale.
The U.S. Navy has 27 ships stationed in Iraq's naval blockade.
They are supported by Great Britain, West Germany, Australia, Canada, the Netherlands and Belgium.
Bush was expected to authorize naval commanders to use "the minimum force necessary" to ban supplies to and from Iraq, a U.S. official said.
This could include shooting across the bow to bring a ship to a standstill.
In the air, US Air Force pilots say they are engaged in a "cat-and-mouse game" with Iraqi warplanes, which withdrew when the weapons radar was aimed at them.
"They don't want to play with us," said a U.S. crew chief.
In Kuwait, the Iraqis have covered the capital with an air defense system, according to a U.S. official who wished to remain anonymous.
He declined to say whether the weapons included missiles, but the Iraqis have them in their arsenal.
The combined operations aim to isolate and strangle Iraq until it withdraws from Kuwait.
The quarantine is intended to stop the flow of Iraqi oil, which is Iraq's economic lifeblood, and to prevent access to food and supplies.
With the conquest of Kuwait, Iraq now controls 20 percent of the world's oil reserves.
Only Saudi Arabia has more oil reserves.
Lloyd's List International, which monitors global shipping, said the Iraqi fleet of 80 tankers and cargo ships had ceased regular trading.
John Prescott, a shipping correspondent, said there was no shipping in Kuwaiti or Iraqi ports and that activity in the Jordanian port of Aqaba was slowing.
Bush's main goal in his meeting with Hussein was to urge the king to close Iraq's food and oil supply route from Aqaba on the Red Sea.
Now that the international noose has tightened, Aqaba is the only outlet in Iraq.
Bush has indicated that the U.S. Navy will barricade the port from Iraqi ships.
The president has also offered to compensate Jordan, because 40 percent of its exports go to Iraq and 90 percent of its oil comes from there.
"It is our only access to the sea and the rest of the world," Hussein said.
On trade with Iraq, he said: "There are no deliveries at the moment."
A day earlier, dozens of trucks, many with Iraqi license plates, streamed from Aqaba to Amman and onto the desert highway toward Iraq.
The Jordanian monarch met with Saddam this week, but he told reporters he had no message from Baghdad.
"I'm not speaking on behalf of anyone in the region... except myself," Hussein said.
At the United Nations, Libya called for US troops in the Persian Gulf to be replaced by Arab League troops and UN soldiers.
Libyan leader Muammar el-Qaddafi, in a letter to the UN Secretary-General, also called for an emergency Security Council meeting in Geneva to withdraw US troops.
Thirty-two of the 159 U.N. members had submitted compliance reports by Wednesday, and all complied with the sanctions.
Also on Thursday, Saudi Arabia convened an emergency meeting of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries to discuss how much oil to extract.
The minister denied that the kingdom had informed any of its customers of cuts in oil supplies.
Reports attributed to the Japanese Foreign Ministry say that Saudi Arabia notified US, European and Japanese oil companies in September of a 15-20% cut in its oil supply.
Meanwhile, Egypt's official Middle East News Agency said Thursday that Saddam was the target of an attack that led to "large-scale" arrests, including some close associates of the Iraqi leader.
The agency quoted witnesses as saying tanks and armored cars were patrolling the streets of Baghdad.
There was no independent confirmation of the report from the state news agency, which did not say when the reported attack took place.
The US is increasing its military presence in the Gulf, while President Clinton spoke about the Iraq crisis with the only ally who supported his threat of violence, British Prime Minister Tony Blair.
President Clinton rolled out the red carpet for Prime Minister Blair, greeting him not only as a close ally but also as a close friend.
As he posed for photographers with Clinton, Blair promised to stand with the president against Iraq and warned Saddam Hussein that the threat of violence was real.
President Clinton says he and Blair will stand together not only in Iraq, but also in arresting the terrorists suspected of blowing up Pan Am flight one or three over Scotland.
CAGUAS, Puerto Rico (AP) _ Kidnappers kept their promise to kill a shopkeeper they took hostage when police found the man's dismembered and decapitated body wrapped in plastic bags Friday.
Police confirmed Friday that the body found on a highway in the community 15 miles south of San Juan belonged to Jorge Hernandez, 49.
Hernandez was abducted at 10 p.m. from his small store in the city of Trujillo Alto.
Police announced the news on Wednesday.
His captors demanded a $1 million ransom, but negotiations broke down at noon Thursday.
Police gave no details about negotiations with the kidnappers for Hernandez's return.
The shopkeeper's body was found with his arms and head severed and the parts stuffed into separate garbage bags.
A passer-by called police to report the body on the roadside.
Puerto Rico's police chief, Pedro Toledo, called for vigilance for people who may be targeted by kidnappers.
"Puerto Rico has increased in this regard, and some of these kidnapping gangs are made up of foreigners," Toledo said.
While some Latin American countries, such as Mexico and Colombia, have suffered a spate of kidnappings in recent years, crime is not common in this US community.
We are here because what is happening on this island will also have an impact on the United States.
By the way, we only come to make the broadcast, and the Cubans want to know what we are going to say to the Americans in many cases, what their relatives in the United States are going to hear.
Well, this is the eve of the Pope's visit to one of the last bastions of communism around the world, and it is already raising enormous expectations.
On Revolution Square today they erected a huge cross.
About that in Spanish, Jesus, we believe in you.
Not all Cubans believe in it, but Castro has invited everyone to welcome the man who was one of communism's most effective opponents, and that is why there is tension.
Everyone seems to believe that Cuba will somehow change.
Castro has officially said it's okay to be excited.
And so people today are increasingly enthusiastic that Cuban television, which adheres to the Communist Party line, has actually begun to promote its papal coverage.
Hundreds of people arrived from the United States today, including some Cuban Americans who returned to Havana after Castro's inauguration.
The Pope's visit is important, but they also come home.
This is an extraordinary story that is unfolding here.
We will return to Havana later in the show.
But now we're going back to New York, where Diane Sawyer has the rest of the news.
WASHINGTON _ The following are statements by Lawrence Wechsler, a lawyer for White House Secretary of State Betty Currie, White House spokesman Mike McCurry, and President Clinton in response to an article in The New York Times on Friday about their statements about a meeting with the president: Wechsler on Thursday: "Without commenting on the allegations made in this article, to the extent that there is any implication or suggestion that Mrs. Currie was aware of any legal or ethical inconvenience by anyone, this implication or suggestion is wholly inaccurate."
White House on Thursday: "In recent weeks, we have been subjected to false revelations aimed at misleading both reporters and the American public.
We "will not dignify the latest false leak with a response."
McCurry on Friday: "I want to be absolutely clear to what extent there is any implication or suggestion that Mrs. Currie believes that the president or anyone else has tried to influence her memory, that is absolutely false and a misjudgment of the facts.
< p > Once again, I have not asked anyone to do anything but tell the truth.
I know the stories of today.
I was pleased that Mrs Currie's lawyers made it clear this morning that she was not aware of any unethical behaviour.
California officials are warning residents that oncoming rains will cause dangerous and unpredictable landslides.
Experts say the soil is so saturated that it can no longer absorb water.
This means that the ground falls in pieces and destroys everything that gets in its way.
In Los Angeles, that lesson became clear today when tons of earth toppled down a slope and ripped two houses from their foundations.
No one was injured, but firefighters ordered the evacuation of surrounding homes and said they were monitoring the changing terrain.
In the northern California city of Rio Nido, authorities say a soccer field-sized slab could come loose at any time and destroy an entire neighborhood.
And in San Francisco, a villa overlooking the Pacific Ocean and the Golden Gate Bridge slides into the sea.
Forecasters say the picture is set to get worse as more rain looms.
MOSCOW (AP) - Moscow's mayor has earmarked funds to build a museum in honor of Russian Mikhail Kalashnikov, who gave his name to the world's most widely used weapon, according to a news agency report Friday.
Kalashnikov designed the AK-47 automatic rifle, famous for its reliability and effectiveness.
Along with its derivatives, the Kalashnikov rifle has been used by the police and armies of 55 countries, as well as a number of guerrillas, terrorists and rank-and-file thugs around the world.
Seventy-five million copies of the rifle have been built since production began in February 1947, making it the most widely used weapon in history.
On the other hand, it is proving to be another very bad financial week for Asia.
Financial aid from the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund does not help.
In the past 24 hours, the value of the Indonesian stock market has fallen by 12 per cent.
The Indonesian currency has lost twenty-six percent of its value.
In Singapore, shares fell to a five-year low.
More problems in Hong Kong for a place, for an economy that many experts once thought invincible.
So when Wong Kwan spent seventy million dollars on this house, he thought it was a big deal.
He sold the property to five buyers and said he would double his money.
Now that new construction is underway, three of its buyers have pulled out.
And Wong Kwan will be lucky to break even.
Across Hong Kong, the property market has collapsed.
Pamela Pak owns eight condominiums here.
Pak can't find buyers.
She estimates that her properties, which were worth a hundred and thirty million dollars in October, are now worth only half that.
They believe it will always be uphill and downhill.
No one believes it any more.
But over the past three months, stocks have plummeted, interest rates have soared, and the slowdown across Asia means that people here are no longer spending.
Seventy percent off at the malls.
And the big brokerage houses are talking about layoffs after a decade-long boom.
I think the mood is pretty gloomy and I don't think it's going to change in a couple of years.
So it is time for Hong Kong to reposition itself, as investment bankers like to say.
Either hold out or get out, as much of Asia slides into recession.
Today we finally learned that the Space Agency has finally taken a giant leap forward.
Air Force Lt. Col. Eileen Collins is named commander of the space shuttle Columbia for a mission in December.
Only twenty years after the first astronauts were selected did NASA finally include six women, and they were all scientists, not pilots.
The very fact that we do the work that we do makes us role models.
That was Eileen Collins after she became the first co-pilot ever to fly.
In space, some say, female pilots have so far been held back by a lack of pilot opportunities for them in the military.
When Colonel Collins was selected as a NASA astronaut, she followed a normal course within NASA.
No one held them back.
Many NASA observers say female astronauts have become part of the agency's routine.
But they still have some catching up to do when it comes to two hundred and thirty-four Americans who have flown into space, including only twenty-six women.
Margalit Har-Shefi, 22, has pleaded not guilty to failing to report Yigal Amir's plan to kill Rabin.
"We don't just arrive," said four-star Gen. John Dailey, deputy commander of the U.S. Marine Corps.
Last July, in Cambodia's capital Phnom Penh, Second Prime Minister Hun Sen staged a successful coup against First Prime Minister Prince Norodom Ranariddh.
Polls show public support for a republic rising, from about 35 percent a few years ago to about 51 percent this year, as pro-monarchist sentiment wanes.
By the afternoon, official Serbian sources said that the operation was over, but this has not yet been confirmed from Belgrade, the capital of Serbia, where the entire attack is said to have been planned.
It - It just exploded in the air, and then we saw two fireballs going down to the water, and there was a big little, ah, smoke coming out of it.
Ninety-nine years ago, Charles Keating was convicted in state court of aiding and abetting the fraud of thousands of investors who bought high-risk junk bonds sold by Keating's associates at Lincoln Savings and Loan.
The Foreign Office said it had informed the family of Howes, who was 37 at the time of his abduction, that he was likely to have died within weeks or months of his capture on 26 March 1996.
Iraq said the raid was intended to protect them from unspecified threats; British Foreign Secretary William Waldegrave called the order "serious and sinister."
In other developments, the Pentagon said that Defense Secretary Dick Cheney is considering pressing Bush to order a national call-up of active-duty military reserves because the units that send soldiers abroad are overstretched.
No one was injured, but firefighters ordered the evacuation of surrounding homes and said they were monitoring the changing terrain.
An intense manhunt, conducted by the FBI and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms, continues for Rudolph in the wilderness of western North Carolina.
A CBS News report, citing unidentified Jordanian sources, said Saddam's embassy is calling for an international conference to discuss an Iraqi withdrawal from Kuwait.
Har-Shefi said she heard Amir talk about killing Rabin but did not inform the police because she did not believe he was serious.
Nineteen of Keating's convictions were rejected on formal grounds.
The president has also offered to compensate Jordan, because 40 percent of its exports go to Iraq and 90 percent of its oil comes from there.
The company's sales force welcomed the shake-up.
< p > Once again, I have not asked anyone to do anything but tell the truth.
Republican Janet Holmes a Court called for a constitutional amendment with a new preamble to be written by Australian poets: "We need the smell of eucalyptus in it and the feeling of red dust."
Yesterday, New York Governor George Pataki visited five counties where a state of emergency was declared.
In addition to the estimated 45,000 Marines who will eventually be part of Operation Desert Shield, stealth aircraft and the aircraft carrier John F. Kennedy will fly to Saudi Arabia to protect the country from Iraqi expansionism.
However, Farkas, who was charged by the District of Columbia traffic police in December with driving under the influence of alcohol, was ordered home and retired.
For adult women, the rate rose 0.4 percent to 4.4 percent.
A joint statement with Tourism Minister Andrew Thomson said two new flights would leave Bombay on Mondays and Tuesdays from 30 March and the third every Thursday from 6 August.
Gen. Nhek Bunchhay, a loyalist of ousted Cambodian Prime Minister Prince Norodom Ranariddh, said in an interview with The Associated Press at his hilltop headquarters that he hoped to recover the remains of Christopher Howes within the next two weeks.
At a news conference, Secretary of State James A. Baker III said Jordan was seeking "guidance" on a provision in the UN-backed trade embargo that allows food for humanitarian purposes.
With potential inflation offset by worries about possible price declines, the Fed and its chairman, Alan Greenspan, have indicated that they intend to leave interest rates unchanged until the economy clearly tilts one way or the other.
Prime Minister John Howard, himself a monarchist, promised to put the issue to a national referendum next year after delegates to Congress voted 89-52 in favor of a republic with 11 abstentions.
Kuchma also wanted to visit Russian gas giant Gazprom, likely to discuss Ukraine's $1.2 billion debt to the company.
The move appeared aimed at averting further trouble with Iran, which condemned Iraq's August 2 invasion of Kuwait but also criticized multinational troops sent to Saudi Arabia.
"The idea of a republic will crumble to dust by the grace of Almighty God." "
The US military buildup in the Persian Gulf is progressing rapidly, with more aircraft from the United States and senior officials saying Iraqi President Saddam Hussein can expect punishing air strikes to continue well into the future unless he stops building biological and chemical weapons.
The adult male unemployment rate fell to 3.8 percent last month from 4.1 percent in December, the lowest level in nearly two decades, according to the data.
Banks remained closed.
Qantas India manager Khursheed Lam said the airline was working closely with the Australian Tourist Commission to develop greater awareness of Australia in the Indian market.
According to newspaper reports, Amir was in love with Har-Shefi and may have tried to impress her by killing the prime minister.
The investigation will examine the role of internal and external forces before and after the genocide, as well as the role of the United Nations and its agencies and the OAU before, during and after the genocide, "the OAU said.
"The economy is running on the fumes of strength from before the Asian shock," McCulley said.
One of the scenarios widely circulated before the visit is that Cuba, still led by Castro, can begin a more productive relationship with the world through the pope.
By the afternoon, official Serbian sources said that the operation was over, but this has not yet been confirmed from Belgrade, the capital of Serbia, where the entire attack is said to have been planned.
Many NASA observers say female astronauts have become part of the agency's routine.
It was suspected that the corpse was Blassie because his uniform and identity card were found near the corpse in Vietnam.
No one held them back.
In January this year, British police searching for Howes concluded that he had probably been killed shortly after his capture.
A small hardcore group led by Pol Pot remained at their headquarters in Anlong Veng in northern Cambodia, near the Thai border.
Air Force Lt. Col. Eileen Collins is named commander of the space shuttle Columbia for a mission in December.
In an interview with Jordanian broadcaster ABC, he declined to discuss details, but said: "I don't think His Majesty would travel at this crucial moment if the Iraqi leadership didn't have a rational approach to the future."
Crown Prince Hassan, King Hussein's brother and political adviser, was asked today about the message the king is said to be delivering.
"These women's lifestyles are extremely dangerous," she said.
In the largest US military operation since Vietnam, an estimated 20,000 American GIs have already gathered to defend Saudi Arabia.
In a further attempt at mediation, the Soviet Union announced today that it had sent an envoy to the Middle East to involve Baghdad.
In a letter to Iranian President Hashemi Rafsanjani, read by a Baghdad radio station, Saddam said he would begin withdrawing troops from Iranian territory on Friday and release Iranian prisoners of war.
People have predicted its demise so many times, and the US has tried several times to hasten it.
The reason: The authorities have uncovered tantalizing new evidence.
Both US and British officials objected to the court's jurisdiction in 1995, claiming that Security Council resolutions imposed on Libya to force the extradition of the suspects invalidated a 1971 convention giving Libya the right to bring the men to justice.
Bush also said Thursday that King Hussein had assured him that Jordan would close the last remaining free port for most of Iraq's trade as the economic embargo on materials to Iraq continues unabated.
And the weakness of Asian economies is also likely to lead to a decline in demand for American exports.
In a further attempt at mediation, the Soviet Union announced today that it had sent an envoy to the Middle East to involve Baghdad.
Blassie's mother now wants the remains in the grave to be tested for DNA.
Concern grew, however, for the safety of Americans and other Westerners stranded in Kuwait.
Everyone seems to believe that Cuba will somehow change.
No one held them back.
Durer's father died in 1502, his mother in 1513. How long was his mother ill?
Durer's father died in 1502, his mother in 1513. How long was his mother ill?
Durer's father died in 1502, his mother in 1513. How long was his mother ill?
Durer's father died in 1502, his mother in 1513. How long was his mother ill?
Durer's father died in 1502, his mother in 1513. How long was his mother ill?
Durer's father died in 1502, his mother in 1513. How long was his mother ill?
Durer's father died in 1502, his mother in 1513. How long was his mother ill?
Durer's father died in 1502, his mother in 1513. How long was his mother ill?
Durer's father died in 1502, his mother in 1513. How long was his mother ill?
Durer's father died in 1502, his mother in 1513. How long was his mother ill?
Durer's father died in 1502, his mother in 1513. How long was his mother ill?
Durer's father died in 1502, his mother in 1513. How long was his mother ill?
Durer's father died in 1502, his mother in 1513. How long was his mother ill?
Durer's father died in 1502 and his mother in 1513. What happened after Durer's father died?
Durer's father died in 1502 and his mother in 1513. What happened after Durer's father died?
Durer's father died in 1502 and his mother in 1513. What happened after Durer's father died?
Durer's father died in 1502 and his mother in 1513. What happened after Durer's father died?
Durer's father died in 1502 and his mother in 1513. What happened after Durer's father died?
Durer's father died in 1502 and his mother in 1513. Did Durer live when his mother died?
Durer's father died in 1502 and his mother in 1513. Did Durer live when his mother died?
Durer's father died in 1502, his mother in 1513. How often did Durer visit his mother's grave?
Durer's father died in 1502, his mother in 1513. How often did Durer visit his mother's grave?
Durer's father died in 1502, his mother in 1513. How often did Durer visit his mother's grave?
Durer's father died in 1502, his mother in 1513. How often did Durer visit his mother's grave?
Durer's father died in 1502, his mother in 1513. How often did Durer visit his mother's grave?
Durer's father died in 1502, his mother in 1513. How often did Durer visit his mother's grave?
Durer's father died in 1502, his mother in 1513.
Durer's father died in 1502, his mother in 1513.
Durer's father died in 1502, his mother in 1513.
Durer's father died in 1502, his mother in 1513.
Durer's father died in 1502, his mother in 1513.
Durer's father died in 1502, his mother in 1513.
There have been a few times that the family dog Mika has tried to take Joey from Marsha and eat him! How long does it take Mika to try to eat Joey?
There have been a few times that the family dog Mika has tried to take Joey from Marsha and eat him! How long does it take Mika to try to eat Joey?
There have been a few times that the family dog Mika has tried to take Joey from Marsha and eat him! How long does it take Mika to try to eat Joey?
There have been a few times that the family dog Mika has tried to take Joey from Marsha and eat him! How long does it take Mika to try to eat Joey?
There have been a few times that the family dog Mika has tried to take Joey from Marsha and eat him! How long does it take Mika to try to eat Joey?
There have been a few times that the family dog Mika has tried to take Joey from Marsha and eat him! How long does it take Mika to try to eat Joey?
There have been a few times that the family dog Mika has tried to take Joey from Marsha and eat him! How long does it take Mika to try to eat Joey?
There have been a few times that the family dog Mika has tried to take Joey from Marsha and eat him! How long does it take Mika to try to eat Joey?
There have been a few times that the family dog Mika has tried to take Joey from Marsha and eat him! How long does it take Mika to try to eat Joey?
There have been a few times that the family dog Mika has tried to take Joey from Marsha and eat him! How long does it take Mika to try to eat Joey?
There have been a few times that the family dog Mika has tried to take Joey from Marsha and eat him! What happens when Mika tries to eat Joey?
There have been a few times that the family dog Mika has tried to take Joey from Marsha and eat him! What happens when Mika tries to eat Joey?
There have been a few times that the family dog Mika has tried to take Joey from Marsha and eat him! What happens when Mika tries to eat Joey?
There have been a few times that the family dog Mika has tried to take Joey from Marsha and eat him! What happens when Mika tries to eat Joey?
There have been a few times that the family dog Mika has tried to take Joey from Marsha and eat him! On what day did Mika last try to eat Joey?
There have been a few times that the family dog Mika has tried to take Joey from Marsha and eat him! On what day did Mika last try to eat Joey?
There have been a few times that the family dog Mika has tried to take Joey from Marsha and eat him! On what day did Mika last try to eat Joey?
There have been a few times that the family dog Mika has tried to take Joey from Marsha and eat him! On what day did Mika last try to eat Joey?
From now on, Marsha makes sure that Joey is safe and healthy at all times. How long has Joey been alive and well?
From now on, Marsha makes sure that Joey is safe and healthy at all times. How long has Joey been alive and well?
From now on, Marsha makes sure that Joey is safe and healthy at all times. How long has Joey been alive and well?
From now on, Marsha makes sure that Joey is safe and healthy at all times. How long has Joey been alive and well?
From now on, Marsha makes sure that Joey is safe and healthy at all times. How long has Joey been alive and well?
From now on, Marsha takes special care that Joey is safe and healthy at all times. What happened before Martha took special care of it?
From now on, Marsha takes special care that Joey is safe and healthy at all times. What happened before Martha took special care of it?
From now on, Marsha makes sure that Joey is safe and healthy at all times. Is Joey alive and well today?
From now on, Marsha makes sure that Joey is safe and healthy at all times. How often has Joey been alive and well?
From now on, Marsha makes sure that Joey is safe and healthy at all times. How often has Joey been alive and well?
From now on, Marsha makes sure that Joey is safe and healthy at all times. How often has Joey been alive and well?
From now on, Marsha makes sure that Joey is safe and healthy at all times. How often has Joey been alive and well?
From now on, Marsha makes sure that Joey is safe and healthy at all times. How often has Joey been alive and well?
From now on, Marsha makes sure that Joey is safe and healthy at all times. How often has Joey been alive and well?
From now on, Marsha makes sure that Joey is safe and healthy at all times. How often has Joey been alive and well?
From now on, Marsha makes sure that Joey is safe and healthy at all times. How often has Joey been alive and well?
From now on, Marsha makes sure that Joey is safe and healthy at all times. How often has Joey been alive and well?
From now on, Marsha makes sure that Joey is safe and healthy at all times. How often has Joey been alive and well?
From now on, Marsha makes sure that Joey is safe and healthy at all times. How often has Joey been alive and well?
From now on, Marsha makes sure that Joey is safe and healthy at all times. How often has Joey been alive and well?
From now on, Marsha makes sure that Joey is safe and healthy at all times. How often has Joey been alive and well?
From now on, Marsha makes sure that Joey is safe and healthy at all times. How often has Joey been alive and well?
From now on, Marsha takes special care that Joey is always healthy and safe. On what day did Martha decide to take special care?
From now on, Marsha takes special care that Joey is always healthy and safe. On what day did Martha decide to take special care?
From now on, Marsha takes special care that Joey is always healthy and safe. On what day did Martha decide to take special care?
From now on, Marsha takes special care that Joey is always healthy and safe. On what day did Martha decide to take special care?
From now on, Marsha takes special care that Joey is always healthy and safe. On what day did Martha decide to take special care?
From now on, Marsha takes special care that Joey is always healthy and safe. On what day did Martha decide to take special care?
From now on, Marsha takes special care that Joey is always healthy and safe. On what day did Martha decide to take special care?
From now on, Marsha takes special care that Joey is always healthy and safe. On what day did Martha decide to take special care?
From now on, Marsha takes special care that Joey is always healthy and safe. On what day did Martha decide to take special care?
He spoke the last word with such heavy intonation that Allan shied away from the physical wave of sound emanating from Arthur's throat. How often does Arthur speak to Allan?
He spoke the last word with such heavy intonation that Allan shied away from the physical wave of sound emanating from Arthur's throat. How often does Arthur speak to Allan?
He spoke the last word with such heavy intonation that Allan shied away from the physical wave of sound emanating from Arthur's throat. How often does Arthur speak to Allan?
He spoke the last word with such heavy intonation that Allan shied away from the physical wave of sound emanating from Arthur's throat. How often does Arthur speak to Allan?
He spoke the last word with such heavy intonation that Allan shied away from the physical wave of sound emanating from Arthur's throat. How often does Arthur speak to Allan?
He spoke the last word with such heavy intonation that Allan shied away from the physical wave of sound emanating from Arthur's throat. How often does Arthur speak to Allan?
He spoke the last word with such heavy intonation that Allan shied away from the physical wave of sound emanating from Arthur's throat. How often does Arthur speak to Allan?
He spoke the last word with such heavy intonation that Allan shied away from the physical wave of sound emanating from Arthur's throat. How often does Arthur speak to Allan?
He spoke the last word with such heavy intonation that Allan shied away from the physical wave of sound emanating from Arthur's throat. How often does Arthur speak to Allan?
He spoke the last word with such heavy intonation that Allan shied away from the physical wave of sound emanating from Arthur's throat. How often does Arthur speak to Allan?
He spoke the last word with such heavy intonation that Allan shied away from the physical wave of sound emanating from Arthur's throat. How often does Arthur speak to Allan?
He uttered the last word with such heavy intonation that Allan recoiled from the physical wave of sound emanating from Arthur's throat. What did Arthur do after talking to Allan?
He uttered the last word with such heavy intonation that Allan recoiled from the physical wave of sound emanating from Arthur's throat. What did Arthur do after talking to Allan?
He uttered the last word with such heavy intonation that Allan recoiled from the physical wave of sound emanating from Arthur's throat. What did Arthur do after talking to Allan?
He uttered the last word with such heavy intonation that Allan recoiled from the physical wave of sound emanating from Arthur's throat. What did Arthur do after talking to Allan?
These small, dark Melanesians are typically related to the indigenous Australians and are now confined to the forests of the northern highlands.
These small, dark Melanesians are typically related to the indigenous Australians and are now confined to the forests of the northern highlands.
These small, dark Melanesians are typically related to the indigenous Australians and are now confined to the forests of the northern highlands. Will they be related to the indigenous Australians when they leave the forest?
These small, dark Melanesians are typically related to the indigenous Australians and are now confined to the forests of the northern highlands. Will they be related to the indigenous Australians when they leave the forest?
These small, dark Melanesians are typically related to the indigenous Australians and are now confined to the forests of the northern highlands. Will they be related to the indigenous Australians when they leave the forest?
More recently, however, it has been suggested that it may have been from before Abdalonymus "death. How often did Abdalonymus die?
More recently, however, it has been suggested that it may have been from before Abdalonymus "death. How often did Abdalonymus die?
More recently, however, it has been suggested that it may have been from before Abdalonymus "death. How often did Abdalonymus die?
More recently, however, it has been suggested that it may have been from before Abdalonymus "death. How often did Abdalonymus die?
More recently, however, it has been suggested that it may have been from before Abdalonymus "death. How often did Abdalonymus die?
More recently, however, it has been suggested that it may have been from before Abdalonymus "death. How often did Abdalonymus die?
More recently, however, it has been suggested that it may have been from before Abdalonymus "death. How often did Abdalonymus die?
More recently, however, it has been suggested that it may have been from before Abdalonymus "death. How often did Abdalonymus die?
More recently, however, it has been suggested that it may have been from before Abdalonymus "death. How often did Abdalonymus die?
More recently, however, it has been suggested that it may have been from before Abdalonymus "death. How often did Abdalonymus die?
More recently, however, it has been suggested that it may have been from before Abdalonymus "death. How often did Abdalonymus die?
More recently, however, it has been suggested that it may date back to before Abdalonymus's death.
More recently, however, it has been suggested that it may date back to before Abdalonymus's death.
More recently, however, it has been suggested that it may date back to before Abdalonymus's death.
More recently, however, it has been suggested that it may date back to before Abdalonymus's death.
More recently, however, it has been suggested that it may date back to before Abdalonymus's death.
More recently, however, it has been suggested that it may date back to before Abdalonymus's death.
More recently, however, it has been suggested that it may date back to before Abdalonymus's death.
More recently, however, it has been suggested that it may date back to before Abdalonymus's death.
More recently, however, it has been suggested that it may date back to before Abdalonymus's death.
More recently, however, it has been suggested that it may date back to before Abdalonymus's death.
More recently, however, it has been suggested that it may date back to before Abdalonymus's death.
More recently, however, it has been suggested that it may date back to before Abdalonymus's death.
More recently, however, it has been suggested that it may date back to before Abdalonymus's death.
More recently, however, it has been suggested that it may date back to before Abdalonymus's death.
More recently, however, it has been suggested that it may date from before Abdalonymus "death. Is Abdalonymus still dead?
Setbacks in the 1930s, caused by Europe's post-war slump, were only an incentive to redouble efforts by diversifying heavy industry into the mechanical, metallurgical, and chemical sectors.
Setbacks in the 1930s, caused by Europe's post-war slump, were only an incentive to redouble efforts by diversifying heavy industry into the mechanical, metallurgical, and chemical sectors.
Setbacks in the 1930s, caused by Europe's post-war slump, were only an incentive to redouble efforts by diversifying heavy industry into the mechanical, metallurgical, and chemical sectors.
Setbacks in the 1930s, caused by Europe's post-war slump, were only an incentive to redouble efforts by diversifying heavy industry into the mechanical, metallurgical, and chemical sectors.
Setbacks in the 1930s, caused by Europe's post-war slump, were only an incentive to redouble efforts by diversifying heavy industry into the mechanical, metallurgical, and chemical sectors.
Setbacks in the 1930s, caused by Europe's post-war slump, were only an incentive to redouble efforts by diversifying heavy industry into the mechanical, metallurgical, and chemical sectors.
Setbacks in the 1930s, caused by Europe's post-war slump, were only an incentive to redouble efforts by diversifying heavy industry into the mechanical, metallurgical, and chemical sectors.
Setbacks in the 1930s, caused by Europe's post-war slump, were only an incentive to redouble efforts by diversifying heavy industry into the mechanical, metallurgical, and chemical sectors.
Setbacks in the 1930 "s, caused by Europe's post-war slump, were only an incentive to redouble efforts by diversifying heavy industry into engineering, metallurgy, and chemicals.
Setbacks in the 1930 "s, caused by Europe's post-war slump, were only an incentive to redouble efforts by diversifying heavy industry into engineering, metallurgy, and chemicals.
Setbacks in the 1930 "s, caused by Europe's post-war slump, were only an incentive to redouble efforts by diversifying heavy industry into engineering, metallurgy, and chemicals.
Setbacks in the 1930 "s, caused by Europe's post-war slump, were only an incentive to redouble efforts by diversifying heavy industry into engineering, metallurgy, and chemicals.
Setbacks in the 1930 "s, caused by Europe's post-war slump, were only an incentive to redouble efforts by diversifying heavy industry into engineering, metallurgy, and chemicals.
Setbacks in the 1930 "s, caused by Europe's post-war slump, were only an incentive to redouble efforts by diversifying heavy industry into engineering, metallurgy, and chemicals.
Setbacks in the 1930 "s, caused by Europe's post-war slump, were only an incentive to redouble efforts by diversifying heavy industry into engineering, metallurgy, and chemicals.
Setbacks in the 1930 "s, caused by Europe's post-war slump, were only an incentive to redouble efforts by diversifying heavy industry into engineering, metallurgy, and chemicals.
Setbacks in the 1930 "s, caused by Europe's post-war slump, were only an incentive to redouble efforts by diversifying heavy industry into engineering, metallurgy, and chemicals.
Setbacks in the 1930 "s, caused by Europe's post-war slump, were only an incentive to redouble efforts by diversifying heavy industry into engineering, metallurgy, and chemicals.
Setbacks in the 1930s, caused by Europe's post-war slump, were only an incentive to redouble efforts by diversifying heavy industry into the mechanical, metallurgical, and chemical sectors.
Setbacks in the 1930s, caused by Europe's post-war slump, were only an incentive to redouble efforts by diversifying heavy industry into the mechanical, metallurgical, and chemical sectors.
The CIA now estimates that maintaining its activities before 9 / 11 cost Al Qaeda about $30 million a year, and that that money was raised almost entirely through donations. How often did Al Qaeda receive donations before 9 / 11?
The CIA now estimates that maintaining its activities before 9 / 11 cost Al Qaeda about $30 million a year, and that that money was raised almost entirely through donations. How often did Al Qaeda receive donations before 9 / 11?
The CIA now estimates that maintaining its activities before 9 / 11 cost Al Qaeda about $30 million a year, and that that money was raised almost entirely through donations. How often did Al Qaeda receive donations before 9 / 11?
The CIA now estimates that maintaining its activities before 9 / 11 cost Al Qaeda about $30 million a year, and that that money was raised almost entirely through donations. How often did Al Qaeda receive donations before 9 / 11?
The CIA now estimates that maintaining its activities before 9 / 11 cost Al Qaeda about $30 million a year, and that that money was raised almost entirely through donations. How often did Al Qaeda receive donations before 9 / 11?
The CIA now estimates that maintaining its activities before 9 / 11 cost Al Qaeda about $30 million a year, and that that money was raised almost entirely through donations. How often did Al Qaeda receive donations before 9 / 11?
The CIA now estimates that maintaining its activities before 9 / 11 cost Al Qaeda about $30 million a year, and that that money was raised almost entirely through donations. How often did Al Qaeda receive donations before 9 / 11?
The CIA now estimates that it cost Al Qaeda about $30 million a year to maintain its activities before 9 / 11, and that that money was raised almost entirely through donations.
The CIA now estimates that it cost Al Qaeda about $30 million a year to maintain its activities before 9 / 11, and that that money was raised almost entirely through donations.
The CIA now estimates that it cost Al Qaeda about $30 million a year to maintain its activities before 9 / 11, and that that money was raised almost entirely through donations.
The CIA now estimates that it cost Al Qaeda about $30 million a year to maintain its activities before 9 / 11, and that that money was raised almost entirely through donations.
The CIA now estimates that it cost Al Qaeda about $30 million a year to maintain its activities before 9 / 11, and that that money was raised almost entirely through donations.
The CIA now estimates that it cost Al Qaeda about $30 million a year to maintain its activities before 9 / 11, and that that money was raised almost entirely through donations.
The CIA now estimates that it cost Al Qaeda about $30 million a year to maintain its activities before 9 / 11, and that that money was raised almost entirely through donations.
The CIA now estimates that maintaining its activities before 9 / 11 cost Al Qaeda about $30 million a year, and that that money was raised almost entirely through donations. How long did it take Al Qaeda to raise $30 million?
The CIA now estimates that maintaining its activities before 9 / 11 cost Al Qaeda about $30 million a year, and that that money was raised almost entirely through donations. How long did it take Al Qaeda to raise $30 million?
The CIA now estimates that maintaining its activities before 9 / 11 cost Al Qaeda about $30 million a year, and that that money was raised almost entirely through donations. How long did it take Al Qaeda to raise $30 million?
The CIA now estimates that maintaining its activities before 9 / 11 cost Al Qaeda about $30 million a year, and that that money was raised almost entirely through donations. How long did it take Al Qaeda to raise $30 million?
The CIA now estimates that maintaining its activities before 9 / 11 cost Al Qaeda about $30 million a year, and that that money was raised almost entirely through donations. How long did it take Al Qaeda to raise $30 million?
The CIA now estimates that maintaining its activities before 9 / 11 cost Al Qaeda about $30 million a year, and that that money was raised almost entirely through donations. How long did it take Al Qaeda to raise $30 million?
The CIA now estimates that maintaining its activities before 9 / 11 cost Al Qaeda about $30 million a year, and that that money was raised almost entirely through donations. How long did it take Al Qaeda to raise $30 million?
The CIA now estimates that maintaining its activities before 9 / 11 cost Al Qaeda about $30 million a year, and that that money was raised almost entirely through donations. How long did it take Al Qaeda to raise $30 million?
The CIA now estimates that maintaining its activities before 9 / 11 cost Al Qaeda about $30 million a year, and that that money was raised almost entirely through donations. How long did it take Al Qaeda to raise $30 million?
The CIA now estimates that maintaining its activities before 9 / 11 cost Al Qaeda about $30 million a year, and that that money was raised almost entirely through donations. How long did it take Al Qaeda to raise $30 million?
The CIA now estimates that maintaining its activities before 9 / 11 cost Al Qaeda about $30 million a year, and that that money was raised almost entirely through donations. How long did it take Al Qaeda to raise $30 million?
Some of the people who took advantage of them through a questionable loan program ended up in prison. How long did they spend in prison?
Some of the people who took advantage of them through a questionable loan program ended up in prison. How long did they spend in prison?
Some of the people who took advantage of them through a questionable loan program ended up in prison. How long did they spend in prison?
Some of the people who took advantage of them through a questionable loan program ended up in prison. How long did they spend in prison?
Some of the people who took advantage of them through a questionable loan program ended up in prison. How long did they spend in prison?
Some of the people who took advantage of them through a questionable loan program ended up in prison. How long did they spend in prison?
Some of the people who took advantage of them through a questionable loan program ended up in prison. How long did they spend in prison?
Some of the people who took advantage of them through a questionable loan program ended up in prison. How long did they spend in prison?
Some of the people who took advantage of them through a questionable loan program ended up in prison. How long did they spend in prison?
Some of the people who took advantage of them through a questionable loan program were sent to prison.
Some of the people who took advantage of them through a questionable loan program were sent to prison.
Some of the people who took advantage of them through a questionable loan program were sent to prison.
Some of the people who took advantage of them through a questionable loan program were sent to prison.
Some of the people who took advantage of them through a questionable loan program were sent to prison.
Some of the people who took advantage of them through a questionable loan program were sent to prison.
Some of the people who took advantage of them through a questionable loan program were sent to prison.
Some of the people who took advantage of them through a questionable loan program were sent to prison.
Some of the people who took advantage of them through a questionable loan program went to prison. Are they still in prison today?
Some of the people who took advantage of them through a questionable loan program went to prison. How many times have they been in prison?
Some of the people who took advantage of them through a questionable loan program went to prison. How many times have they been in prison?
Some of the people who took advantage of them through a questionable loan program went to prison. How many times have they been in prison?
Some of the people who took advantage of them through a questionable loan program were sent to prison.
Some of the people who took advantage of them through a questionable loan program were sent to prison.
Some of the people who took advantage of them through a questionable loan program were sent to prison.
Some of the people who took advantage of them through a questionable loan program were sent to prison.
Some of the people who took advantage of them through a questionable loan program were sent to prison.
She renews an acquaintance in Ranchipur with a former lover, Tom Ransome, a debauched alcoholic. How often does Tom drink?
She renews an acquaintance in Ranchipur with a former lover, Tom Ransome, a debauched alcoholic. How often does Tom drink?
She renews an acquaintance in Ranchipur with a former lover, Tom Ransome, a debauched alcoholic. How often does Tom drink?
She renews an acquaintance in Ranchipur with a former lover, Tom Ransome, a debauched alcoholic. How often does Tom drink?
She renews an acquaintance in Ranchipur with a former lover, Tom Ransome, a debauched alcoholic. How often does Tom drink?
She renews an acquaintance in Ranchipur with a former lover, Tom Ransome, a debauched alcoholic. How often does Tom drink?
She renews an acquaintance in Ranchipur with a former lover, Tom Ransome, a debauched alcoholic. How often does Tom drink?
She renews an acquaintance in Ranchipur with a former lover, Tom Ransome, a debauched alcoholic. How often does Tom drink?
She renews an acquaintance in Ranchipur with a former lover, Tom Ransome, a debauched alcoholic. How often does Tom drink?
She renews an acquaintance in Ranchipur with a former lover, Tom Ransome, a debauched alcoholic. How often does Tom drink?
She renews an acquaintance in Ranchipur with a former lover, Tom Ransome, a debauched alcoholic. How often does Tom drink?
She renews an acquaintance in Ranchipur with a former lover, Tom Ransome, a debauched alcoholic. How often does Tom drink?
She renews an acquaintance in Ranchipur with a former lover, Tom Ransome, a debauched alcoholic. What happens when she renews her acquaintance with Tom?
She renews an acquaintance in Ranchipur with a former lover, Tom Ransome, a debauched alcoholic. What happens when she renews her acquaintance with Tom?
She renews an acquaintance in Ranchipur with a former lover, Tom Ransome, a debauched alcoholic. What happens when she renews her acquaintance with Tom?
She renews an acquaintance in Ranchipur with a former lover, Tom Ransome, a debauched alcoholic. How long was she Tom's mistress?
She renews an acquaintance in Ranchipur with a former lover, Tom Ransome, a debauched alcoholic. How long was she Tom's mistress?
She renews an acquaintance in Ranchipur with a former lover, Tom Ransome, a debauched alcoholic. How long was she Tom's mistress?
She renews an acquaintance in Ranchipur with a former lover, Tom Ransome, a debauched alcoholic. How long was she Tom's mistress?
She renews an acquaintance in Ranchipur with a former lover, Tom Ransome, a debauched alcoholic. How long was she Tom's mistress?
She renews an acquaintance in Ranchipur with a former lover, Tom Ransome, a debauched alcoholic. How long was she Tom's mistress?
She renews an acquaintance in Ranchipur with a former lover, Tom Ransome, a debauched alcoholic. How long was she Tom's mistress?
She renews an acquaintance in Ranchipur with a former lover, Tom Ransome, a debauched alcoholic. How long was she Tom's mistress?
She renews an acquaintance in Ranchipur with a former lover, Tom Ransome, a debauched alcoholic. How long was she Tom's mistress?
She renews an acquaintance in Ranchipur with a former lover, Tom Ransome, who is now a debauched alcoholic. Is she still in Ranchipur?
She renews an acquaintance in Ranchipur with a former lover, Tom Ransome, who is now a debauched alcoholic. Is she still in Ranchipur?
She renews an acquaintance in Ranchipur with a former lover, Tom Ransome, who is now a debauched alcoholic. Is she still in Ranchipur?
She renews an acquaintance in Ranchipur with a former lover, Tom Ransome, who is now a debauched alcoholic. Is she still in Ranchipur?
Drug-financed guerrillas in Colombia seeking to usurp the country and destroy democracy include the M-19, which Castro clearly supports.
Drug-financed guerrillas in Colombia seeking to usurp the country and destroy democracy include the M-19, which Castro clearly supports.
Drug-financed guerrillas in Colombia seeking to usurp the country and destroy democracy include the M-19, which Castro clearly supports.
Drug-financed guerrillas in Colombia seeking to usurp the country and destroy democracy include the M-19, which Castro clearly supports.
Among the drug-financed guerrillas in Colombia who are trying to usurp the country and destroy democracy are the M-19. How long has Castro supported the guerrillas?
Among the drug-financed guerrillas in Colombia who are trying to usurp the country and destroy democracy are the M-19. How long has Castro supported the guerrillas?
Among the drug-financed guerrillas in Colombia who are trying to usurp the country and destroy democracy are the M-19. How long has Castro supported the guerrillas?
Among the drug-financed guerrillas in Colombia who are trying to usurp the country and destroy democracy are the M-19. How long has Castro supported the guerrillas?
Among the drug-financed guerrillas in Colombia who are trying to usurp the country and destroy democracy are the M-19. How long has Castro supported the guerrillas?
Among the drug-financed guerrillas in Colombia who are trying to usurp the country and destroy democracy are the M-19. How long has Castro supported the guerrillas?
Among the drug-financed guerrillas in Colombia who are trying to usurp the country and destroy democracy are the M-19. How long has Castro supported the guerrillas?
Among the drug-financed guerrillas in Colombia who are trying to usurp the country and destroy democracy are the M-19. How long has Castro supported the guerrillas?
Among the drug-financed guerrillas in Colombia who are trying to usurp the country and destroy democracy are the M-19. How long has Castro supported the guerrillas?
Among the drug-financed guerrillas in Colombia who are trying to usurp the country and destroy democracy are the M-19. How long has Castro supported the guerrillas?
Among the drug-financed guerrillas in Colombia who are trying to usurp the country and destroy democracy are the M-19. How long has Castro supported the guerrillas?
Among the drug-financed guerrillas in Colombia who are trying to usurp the country and destroy democracy are the M-19. What would the guerrillas do if they could usurp the country?
Among the drug-financed guerrillas in Colombia who are trying to usurp the country and destroy democracy are the M-19. What would the guerrillas do if they could usurp the country?
Among the drug-financed guerrillas in Colombia who are trying to usurp the country and destroy democracy are the M-19. How often do the gorillas clash with the Colombian government?
Among the drug-financed guerrillas in Colombia who are trying to usurp the country and destroy democracy are the M-19. How often do the gorillas clash with the Colombian government?
Among the drug-financed guerrillas in Colombia who are trying to usurp the country and destroy democracy are the M-19. How often do the gorillas clash with the Colombian government?
Tommy and Suzy (brother and sister) went to the playground one afternoon with their mums and dads Jan and Dean. How often did they go to the playground?
Tommy and Suzy (brother and sister) went to the playground one afternoon with their mums and dads Jan and Dean. How often did they go to the playground?
Tommy and Suzy (brother and sister) went to the playground one afternoon with their mums and dads Jan and Dean. How often did they go to the playground?
Tommy and Suzy (brother and sister) went to the playground one afternoon with their mums and dads Jan and Dean. How often did they go to the playground?
Tommy and Suzy (brother and sister) went to the playground one afternoon with their mums and dads Jan and Dean. How often did they go to the playground?
Tommy and Suzy (brother and sister) went to the playground one afternoon with their mums and dads Jan and Dean. How often did they go to the playground?
Tommy and Suzy (brother and sister) went to the playground one afternoon with their mums and dads Jan and Dean. How often did they go to the playground?
Tommy and Suzy (brother and sister) went to the playground one afternoon with their mums and dads Jan and Dean. How often did they go to the playground?
Tommy and Suzy (brother and sister) went to the playground one afternoon with their mums and dads Jan and Dean. How often did they go to the playground?
Tommy and Suzy (brother and sister) went to the playground one afternoon with their mums and dads Jan and Dean. How often did they go to the playground?
Tommy and Suzy (brother and sister) went to the playground one afternoon with their mums and dads Jan and Dean. At what time did they leave the playground?
Tommy and Suzy (brother and sister) went to the playground one afternoon with their mums and dads Jan and Dean. At what time did they leave the playground?
Tommy and Suzy (brother and sister) went to the playground one afternoon with their mums and dads Jan and Dean. At what time did they leave the playground?
Tommy and Suzy (brother and sister) went to the playground one afternoon with their mums and dads Jan and Dean. At what time did they leave the playground?
Tommy and Suzy (brother and sister) went to the playground one afternoon with their mums and dads Jan and Dean. At what time did they leave the playground?
Tommy and Suzy (brother and sister) went to the playground one afternoon with their mums and dads Jan and Dean. At what time did they leave the playground?
Tommy and Suzy (brother and sister) went to the playground one afternoon with their mums and dads Jan and Dean. At what time did they leave the playground?
Tommy and Suzy (brother and sister) went to the playground one afternoon with their mums and dads Jan and Dean. At what time did they leave the playground?
Tommy and Suzy (brother and sister) went to the playground one afternoon with their mums and dads Jan and Dean. At what time did they leave the playground?
Tommy and Suzy (brother and sister) went to the playground one afternoon with their mums and dads Jan and Dean. At what time did they leave the playground?
Tommy and Suzy (brother and sister) went to the playground one afternoon with their mums and dads Jan and Dean. At what time did they leave the playground?
Tommy and Suzy (brother and sister) went to the playground one afternoon with their mums and dads Jan and Dean. Where did they go after they left the park?
Tommy and Suzy (brother and sister) went to the playground one afternoon with their mums and dads Jan and Dean. Where did they go after they left the park?
Tommy and Suzy (brother and sister) went to the playground one afternoon with their mums and dads Jan and Dean. Where did they go after they left the park?
Tommy and Suzy (brother and sister) went to the playground one afternoon with their parents Jan and Dean. How long were they in the playground?
Tommy and Suzy (brother and sister) went to the playground one afternoon with their parents Jan and Dean. How long were they in the playground?
Tommy and Suzy (brother and sister) went to the playground one afternoon with their parents Jan and Dean. How long were they in the playground?
Tommy and Suzy (brother and sister) went to the playground one afternoon with their parents Jan and Dean. How long were they in the playground?
Einstein disliked quantum theory and mechanics (the very theory he co-created), even though it was accepted by other physicists and said that God "does not roll the dice." How many times a day did Einstein think about physics?
Einstein disliked quantum theory and mechanics (the very theory he co-created), even though it was accepted by other physicists and said that God "does not roll the dice." How many times a day did Einstein think about physics?
Einstein disliked quantum theory and mechanics (the very theory he co-created), even though it was accepted by other physicists and said that God "does not roll the dice." How many times a day did Einstein think about physics?
Einstein disliked quantum theory and mechanics (the very theory he co-created), even though it was accepted by other physicists and said that God "does not roll the dice." When did Einstein work on physics?
Einstein disliked quantum theory and mechanics (the very theory he co-created), even though it was accepted by other physicists and said that God "does not roll the dice." When did Einstein work on physics?
Einstein disliked quantum theory and mechanics (the very theory he co-created), even though it was accepted by other physicists and said that God "does not roll the dice." When did Einstein work on physics?
Einstein disliked quantum theory and mechanics (the very theory he co-created), even though it was accepted by other physicists and said that God "does not roll the dice." When did Einstein work on physics?
Einstein disliked quantum theory and mechanics (the very theory he co-created), even though it was accepted by other physicists and said that God "does not roll the dice." When did Einstein work on physics?
Einstein disliked quantum theory and mechanics (the very theory he co-created), even though it was accepted by other physicists and said that God "does not roll the dice." When did Einstein work on physics?
Einstein disliked quantum theory and mechanics (the very theory he co-created), even though it was accepted by other physicists and said that God "does not roll the dice." How many years did Einstein work with physics?
Einstein disliked quantum theory and mechanics (the very theory he co-created), even though it was accepted by other physicists and said that God "does not roll the dice." How many years did Einstein work with physics?
Einstein disliked quantum theory and mechanics (the very theory he co-created), even though it was accepted by other physicists and said that God "does not roll the dice." How many years did Einstein work with physics?
Einstein disliked quantum theory and mechanics (the very theory he co-created), even though it was accepted by other physicists and said that God "does not roll the dice." How many years did Einstein work with physics?
Einstein disliked quantum theory and mechanics (the very theory he co-created), even though it was accepted by other physicists and said that God "does not roll the dice." How many years did Einstein work with physics?
Einstein disliked quantum theory and mechanics (the very theory he co-created), even though it was accepted by other physicists and said that God "does not roll the dice." How many years did Einstein work with physics?
Einstein disliked quantum theory and mechanics (the very theory he co-created), even though it was accepted by other physicists and said that God "does not roll the dice." How many years did Einstein work with physics?
Einstein disliked quantum theory and mechanics (the very theory he co-created), even though it was accepted by other physicists and said that God "does not roll the dice." How many years did Einstein work with physics?
Einstein disliked quantum theory and mechanics (the very theory he co-created), even though it was accepted by other physicists and said that God "does not roll the dice." How many years did Einstein work with physics?
Einstein disliked quantum theory and mechanics (the very theory he co-created), even though it was accepted by other physicists and said that God "does not roll the dice." How many years did Einstein work with physics?
Einstein disliked quantum theory and mechanics (the very theory he co-created), even though it was accepted by other physicists and said that God "does not roll the dice." How many years did Einstein work with physics?
Einstein disliked quantum theory and mechanics (the very theory he co-created), even though it was accepted by other physicists and said that God "does not roll the dice." How many years did Einstein work with physics?
Einstein disliked quantum theory and mechanics (the very theory he co-created), even though it was accepted by other physicists and said that God "does not roll the dice." How many years did Einstein work with physics?
Einstein disliked quantum theory and mechanics (the very theory he co-created), even though it was accepted by other physicists and said that God "does not roll the dice." How many years did Einstein work with physics?
Einstein disliked quantum theory and mechanics (the very theory he co-created), even though it was accepted by other physicists and said that God "does not roll the dice." How many years did Einstein work with physics?
Einstein disliked quantum theory and mechanics (the very theory he co-created), even though it was accepted by other physicists and said that God "does not roll the dice." How many years did Einstein work with physics?
Einstein disliked quantum theory and mechanics (the very theory he co-created), even though it was accepted by other physicists and said that God "does not roll the dice." How many years did Einstein work with physics?
Einstein disliked quantum theory and mechanics (the very theory he co-created), even though it was accepted by other physicists and said that God "does not roll the dice." How many years did Einstein work with physics?
Einstein disliked quantum theory and mechanics (the very theory he co-created), even though it was accepted by other physicists and said that God "does not roll the dice." Has Einstein always known about quantum theory?
Einstein disliked quantum theory and mechanics (the very theory he co-created), even though it was accepted by other physicists and said that God "does not roll the dice." Has Einstein always known about quantum theory?
Einstein disliked quantum theory and mechanics (the very theory he co-created), even though it was accepted by other physicists and said that God "does not roll the dice." Has Einstein always known about quantum theory?
Einstein disliked quantum theory and mechanics (the very theory he co-created), even though it was accepted by other physicists and said that God "does not roll the dice." Has Einstein always known about quantum theory?
Einstein disliked quantum theory and mechanics (the very theory he co-created), even though it was accepted by other physicists and said that God "does not roll the dice." Has Einstein always known about quantum theory?
Einstein disliked quantum theory and mechanics (the very theory he co-created), even though it was accepted by other physicists and said that God "does not roll the dice." Has Einstein always known about quantum theory?
Einstein disliked quantum theory and mechanics (the very theory he co-created), even though it was accepted by other physicists and said that God "does not roll the dice." Has Einstein always known about quantum theory?
Einstein disliked quantum theory and mechanics (the very theory he co-created), even though it was accepted by other physicists and said that God "does not roll the dice." Has Einstein always known about quantum theory?
The organization has already lost some staff through attrition and dismissed some cases, she said. How long has the organization lost staff?
The organization has already lost some staff through attrition and dismissed some cases, she said. How long has the organization lost staff?
The organization has already lost some staff through attrition and dismissed some cases, she said. How long has the organization lost staff?
The organization has already lost some staff through attrition and dismissed some cases, she said. How long has the organization lost staff?
The organization has already lost some staff through attrition and dismissed some cases, she said. How long has the organization lost staff?
The organization has already lost some staff through attrition and dismissed some cases, she said. How long has the organization lost staff?
The organization has already lost some staff through attrition and dismissed some cases, she said. How long has the organization lost staff?
The organization has already lost some staff through attrition and dismissed some cases, she said. How long has the organization lost staff?
The organization has already lost some staff through attrition and dismissed some cases, she said. How long has the organization lost staff?
The organization has already lost some staff through attrition and dismissed some cases, she said. How long has the organization lost staff?
The organization has already lost some staff through attrition and dismissed some cases, she said. How long has the organization lost staff?
The organization has already lost some staff through attrition and dismissed some cases, she said. How long has the organization lost staff?
The organization has already lost some employees to attrition and dismissed some cases, she said.
The organization has already lost some employees to attrition and dismissed some cases, she said.
The organization has already lost some employees to attrition and dismissed some cases, she said.
The organization has already lost some employees to attrition and dismissed some cases, she said.
The organization has already lost staff through attrition and dismissed some cases, she said. How often does the organization dismiss cases?
The organization has already lost staff through attrition and dismissed some cases, she said. How often does the organization dismiss cases?
The organization has already lost staff through attrition and dismissed some cases, she said. How often does the organization dismiss cases?
The organization has already lost staff through attrition and dismissed some cases, she said. How often does the organization dismiss cases?
The organization has already lost staff through attrition and dismissed some cases, she said. How often does the organization dismiss cases?
The organization has already lost staff through attrition and dismissed some cases, she said. How often does the organization dismiss cases?
The organization has already lost staff through attrition and dismissed some cases, she said.
The organization has already lost staff through attrition and dismissed some cases, she said.
The organization has already lost staff through attrition and dismissed some cases, she said.
The organization has already lost staff through attrition and dismissed some cases, she said.
The organization has already lost staff through attrition and dismissed some cases, she said.
The organization has already lost staff through attrition and dismissed some cases, she said.
The organization has already lost staff through attrition and dismissed some cases, she said.
The organization has already lost staff through attrition and dismissed some cases, she said.
The organization has already lost staff through attrition and dismissed some cases, she said.
The most powerful families thus created entire regions that would later become fief of Japanese feudalism. What happened after these regions were carved out?
The most powerful families thus created entire regions that would later become fief of Japanese feudalism. What happened after these regions were carved out?
The most powerful families thus created entire regions that would later become fief of Japanese feudalism. What happened after these regions were carved out?
The most powerful families thus created entire regions that would later become fief of Japanese feudalism. What happened after these regions were carved out?
The most powerful families thus created entire regions that would later become fief of Japanese feudalism. What happened after these regions were carved out?
The most powerful families thus created entire regions that would later become fief of Japanese feudalism. What happened after these regions were carved out?
The most powerful families thus created entire regions that would become fiefdoms of Japanese feudalism. How long did it take families to become powerful enough to do so?
The most powerful families thus created entire regions that would become fiefdoms of Japanese feudalism. How long did it take families to become powerful enough to do so?
The most powerful families thus created entire regions that would become fiefdoms of Japanese feudalism. How long did it take families to become powerful enough to do so?
The most powerful families thus created entire regions that would become fiefdoms of Japanese feudalism. How long did it take families to become powerful enough to do so?
The most powerful families thus created entire regions that would become fiefdoms of Japanese feudalism. How long did it take families to become powerful enough to do so?
The most powerful families thus created entire regions that would become fiefdoms of Japanese feudalism. How long did it take families to become powerful enough to do so?
The most powerful families thus created entire regions that would later become fief of Japanese feudalism. Were the families still powerful 100 years later?
The most powerful families thus created entire regions that would later become fief of Japanese feudalism. Were the families still powerful 100 years later?
The most powerful families thus created entire regions that would later become fief of Japanese feudalism. How often would a family be able to do such a thing?
The most powerful families thus created entire regions that would later become fief of Japanese feudalism. How often would a family be able to do such a thing?
The most powerful families thus created entire regions that would later become fief of Japanese feudalism. How often would a family be able to do such a thing?
The most powerful families thus created entire regions that would later become fief of Japanese feudalism. How often would a family be able to do such a thing?
The most powerful families thus created entire regions that would later become fief of Japanese feudalism. How often would a family be able to do such a thing?
The most powerful families thus created entire regions that would later become fief of Japanese feudalism. How often would a family be able to do such a thing?
The most powerful families thus created entire regions that would later become fief of Japanese feudalism. How often would a family be able to do such a thing?
The most powerful families thus created entire regions that would later become fief of Japanese feudalism. How often would a family be able to do such a thing?
The most powerful families thus created entire regions that would later become fief of Japanese feudalism. How often would a family be able to do such a thing?
The most powerful families thus created entire regions that would later become fief of Japanese feudalism. How often would a family be able to do such a thing?
The most powerful families thus created entire regions that would later become fief of Japanese feudalism. How often would a family be able to do such a thing?
The most powerful families thus created entire regions that would later become fief of Japanese feudalism. How often would a family be able to do such a thing?
The most powerful families thus created entire regions that would later become fief of Japanese feudalism. How often would a family be able to do such a thing?
The most powerful families thus created entire regions that would later become fief of Japanese feudalism. How often would a family be able to do such a thing?
The most powerful families thus created entire regions that would later become fief of Japanese feudalism. How often would a family be able to do such a thing?
The most powerful families thus created entire regions that would later become fief of Japanese feudalism. How often would a family be able to do such a thing?
The most powerful families thus created entire regions that would later become fief of Japanese feudalism. How often would a family be able to do such a thing?
The most powerful families thus created entire regions that would later become fief of Japanese feudalism. How often would a family be able to do such a thing?
The most powerful families thus created entire regions that would become fief of Japanese feudalism. At what time of day did the families make these plans?
The most powerful families thus created entire regions that would become fief of Japanese feudalism. At what time of day did the families make these plans?
The most powerful families thus created entire regions that would become fief of Japanese feudalism. At what time of day did the families make these plans?
The most powerful families thus created entire regions that would become fief of Japanese feudalism. At what time of day did the families make these plans?
The most powerful families thus created entire regions that would become fief of Japanese feudalism. At what time of day did the families make these plans?
The most powerful families thus created entire regions that would become fief of Japanese feudalism. At what time of day did the families make these plans?
The most powerful families thus created entire regions that would become fief of Japanese feudalism. At what time of day did the families make these plans?
The most powerful families thus created entire regions that would become fief of Japanese feudalism. At what time of day did the families make these plans?
Most of us have seen steam rise from a wet road after a summer rain. How often does it rain in the summer?
Most of us have seen steam rise from a wet road after a summer rain. How often does it rain in the summer?
Most of us have seen steam rise from a wet road after a summer rain. How often does it rain in the summer?
Most of us have seen steam rise from a wet road after a summer rain. How often does it rain in the summer?
Most of us have seen steam rise from a wet road after a summer rain. How often does it rain in the summer?
Most of us have seen steam rise from a wet road after a summer rain. How often does it rain in the summer?
Most of us have seen steam rise from a wet road after a summer rain. How often does it rain in the summer?
Most of us have seen steam rise from a wet road after a summer rain. How often does it rain in the summer?
Most of us have seen steam rise from a wet road after a summer rain. How often does it rain in the summer?
Most of us have seen steam rise from a wet road after a summer rain. How often does it rain in the summer?
Most of us have seen steam rising from a wet road after a summer rain. What happened to the road after the rainstorm?
Most of us have seen steam rising from a wet road after a summer rain. What happened to the road after the rainstorm?
Most of us have seen steam rising from a wet road after a summer rain. What happened to the road after the rainstorm?
Most of us have seen steam rising from a wet road after a summer rain. What happened to the road after the rainstorm?
Most of us have seen steam rising from a wet road after a summer rain. What happened to the road after the rainstorm?
Most of us have seen steam rise from a wet road after a summer rain. How long does the stream rise after a summer rain?
Most of us have seen steam rise from a wet road after a summer rain. How long does the stream rise after a summer rain?
Most of us have seen steam rise from a wet road after a summer rain. How long does the stream rise after a summer rain?
Most of us have seen steam rise from a wet road after a summer rain. How long does the stream rise after a summer rain?
Most of us have seen steam rise from a wet road after a summer rain. How long does the stream rise after a summer rain?
Most of us have seen steam rise from a wet road after a summer rain. How long does the stream rise after a summer rain?
Most of us have seen steam rise from a wet road after a summer rain. How long does the stream rise after a summer rain?
Most of us have seen steam rise from a wet road after a summer rain. How long does the stream rise after a summer rain?
Most of us have seen steam rising from a wet road after a summer rain. Was the road wet the next sunny day?
Most of us have seen steam rising from a wet road after a summer rain. Was the road wet the next sunny day?
For example, what if you put a cake in the oven and leave it for too long? How long would the cake stay in the oven?
For example, what if you put a cake in the oven and leave it for too long? How long would the cake stay in the oven?
For example, what if you put a cake in the oven and leave it for too long? How long would the cake stay in the oven?
For example, what if you put a cake in the oven and leave it for too long? How long would the cake stay in the oven?
For example, what if you put a cake in the oven and leave it for too long? How long would the cake stay in the oven?
For example, what if you put a cake in the oven and leave it for too long? How long would the cake stay in the oven?
For example, what if you put a cake in the oven and leave it for too long? How long would the cake stay in the oven?
For example, what if you put a cake in the oven and leave it for too long? How long would the cake stay in the oven?
For example, what if you put a cake in the oven and leave it for too long? How long would the cake stay in the oven?
For example, what if you put a cake in the oven and leave it for too long? How long would the cake stay in the oven?
For example, what happens if you put a cake in the oven and leave it to stand for too long? What happens if the cake is taken out?
For example, what happens if you put a cake in the oven and leave it to stand for too long? What happens if the cake is taken out?
For example, what if you put a cake in the oven and leave it for too long? Would the cake still be in the oven the next day?
For example, what if you put a cake in the oven and leave it in the oven for too long? How often do you leave a cake in the oven for too long?
For example, what if you put a cake in the oven and leave it in the oven for too long? How often do you leave a cake in the oven for too long?
For example, what if you put a cake in the oven and leave it in the oven for too long? How often do you leave a cake in the oven for too long?
For example, what if you put a cake in the oven and leave it in the oven for too long? How often do you leave a cake in the oven for too long?
For example, what if you put a cake in the oven and leave it in the oven for too long? How often do you leave a cake in the oven for too long?
For example, what if you put a cake in the oven and leave it in the oven for too long? How often do you leave a cake in the oven for too long?
For example, what if you put a cake in the oven and leave it in the oven for too long? How often do you leave a cake in the oven for too long?
For example, what if you put a cake in the oven and leave it in the oven for too long? How often do you leave a cake in the oven for too long?
For example, what if you put a cake in the oven and leave it for too long? When would you put the cake in the oven?
For example, what if you put a cake in the oven and leave it for too long? When would you put the cake in the oven?
For example, what if you put a cake in the oven and leave it for too long? When would you put the cake in the oven?
For example, what if you put a cake in the oven and leave it for too long? When would you put the cake in the oven?
For example, what if you put a cake in the oven and leave it for too long? When would you put the cake in the oven?
For example, what if you put a cake in the oven and leave it for too long? When would you put the cake in the oven?
For example, what if you put a cake in the oven and leave it for too long? When would you put the cake in the oven?
This is an amazing new record for a coin. How often are new records set?
This is an amazing new record for a coin. How often are new records set?
This is an amazing new record for a coin. How often are new records set?
This is an amazing new record for a coin. How long did it take for the coin to set a new record?
This is an amazing new record for a coin. How long did it take for the coin to set a new record?
This is an astonishing new record for a coin, he said.
This is an astonishing new record for a coin, he said.
This is an astonishing new record for a coin, he said.
This is an astonishing new record for a coin, he said.
This is an astonishing new record for a coin, he said.
This is an amazing new record for a coin, he said. Will the record still be set tomorrow?
The issues I have dealt with over the years have been to help people maintain the basics of life - at home, in care, at work and in the family. "How often do they help someone maintain their health care?
The issues I have dealt with over the years have been to help people maintain the basics of life - at home, in care, at work and in the family. "How often do they help someone maintain their health care?
The issues I have dealt with over the years have been to help people maintain the basics of life - at home, in care, at work and in the family. "How often do they help someone maintain their health care?
The issues I have dealt with over the years have been to help people maintain the basics of life - at home, in care, at work and in the family. "How often do they help someone maintain their health care?
The issues I have dealt with over the years have been to help people maintain the basics of life - at home, in care, at work and in the family. "How often do they help someone maintain their health care?
The issues I have dealt with over the years have been to help people maintain the basics of life - at home, in care, at work and in the family. "How often do they help someone maintain their health care?
The issues I've dealt with over the years have been helping people maintain the basics of life - home, care, work and family. "What happens when they help someone to keep their home?
The issues I've dealt with over the years have been helping people maintain the basics of life - home, care, work and family. "What happens when they help someone to keep their home?
The issues I've dealt with over the years have been helping people maintain the basics of life - home, care, work and family. "What happens when they help someone to keep their home?
The issues I've dealt with over the years have been helping people maintain the basics of life - home, care, work and family. "What happens when they help someone to keep their home?
The issues I've dealt with over the years have been helping people maintain the basics of life - home, care, work and family. "What happens when they help someone to keep their home?
The issues I've dealt with over the years have been helping people maintain the basics of life - home, care, work and family. "What happens when they help someone to keep their home?
The issues I've dealt with over the years have been helping people maintain the basics of life - home, care, work and family. "What happens when they help someone to keep their home?
The issues I've dealt with over the years have been helping people maintain the basics of life - home, care, work and family. "What happens when they help someone to keep their home?
The issues I've dealt with over the years have been helping people maintain the basics of life - home, care, work and family. "What happens when they help someone to keep their home?
The issues I've dealt with over the years have been helping people maintain the basics of life - home, care, work and family. "What happens when they help someone to keep their home?
The issues I've dealt with over the years have been helping people maintain the basics of life - home, care, work and family. "What happens when they help someone to keep their home?
The issues I have dealt with over the years have been to help people maintain the foundations of life - at home, in care, at work and in the family. "Do they still help people?
The issues I have dealt with over the years have been to help people maintain the foundations of life - at home, in care, at work and in the family. "Do they still help people?
The issues I have dealt with over the years have been to help people maintain the foundations of life - at home, in care, at work and in the family. "Do they still help people?
The issues I have dealt with over the years have been to help people maintain the foundations of life - at home, in care, at work and in the family. "Do they still help people?
The issues I have dealt with over the years have been to help people maintain the foundations of life - at home, in care, at work and in the family. "Do they still help people?
The issues I have dealt with over the years have been to help people maintain the foundations of life - at home, in care, at work and in the family. "Do they still help people?
The issues I have dealt with over the years have been to help people maintain the foundations of life - at home, in care, at work and in the family. "Do they still help people?
The issues I have dealt with over the years have been to help people maintain the foundations of life - at home, in care, at work and in the family. "Do they still help people?
The issues I have dealt with over the years have been to help people maintain the foundations of life - at home, in care, at work and in the family. "Do they still help people?
The issues I have dealt with over the years have been to help people maintain the foundations of life - at home, in care, at work and in the family. "Do they still help people?
The issues I have dealt with over the years have been to help people maintain the foundations of life - at home, in care, at work and in the family. "Do they still help people?
The issues I have dealt with over the years have been to help people maintain the foundations of life - at home, in care, at work and in the family. "Do they still help people?
The issues I have dealt with over the years have been to help people maintain the foundations of life - at home, in care, at work and in the family. "Do they still help people?
The issues I have dealt with over the years have been to help people maintain the foundations of life - at home, in care, at work and in the family. "Do they still help people?
The issues I have dealt with over the years have been to help people maintain the foundations of life - at home, in care, at work and in the family. "Do they still help people?
The issues I have dealt with over the years have been to help people maintain the foundations of life - at home, in care, at work and in the family. "Do they still help people?
The next evening, she arrived with a stack of glittering boxes containing sushi, sashimi, oysters in their shells and fresh vegetables plucked from their hydroponic beds. How many times a week did she come?
The next evening, she arrived with a stack of glittering boxes containing sushi, sashimi, oysters in their shells and fresh vegetables plucked from their hydroponic beds. How many times a week did she come?
The next evening, she arrived with a stack of glittering boxes containing sushi, sashimi, oysters in their shells and fresh vegetables plucked from their hydroponic beds. How many times a week did she come?
The next evening, she arrived with a stack of glittering boxes containing sushi, sashimi, oysters in their shells and fresh vegetables plucked from their hydroponic beds. How many times a week did she come?
The next evening, she arrived with a stack of glittering boxes containing sushi, sashimi, oysters in their shells and fresh vegetables plucked from their hydroponic beds. How many times a week did she come?
The next evening, she arrived with a stack of glittering boxes containing sushi, sashimi, oysters in their shells and fresh vegetables plucked from their hydroponic beds. How many times a week did she come?
The next evening, she arrived with a stack of glittering stopboxes containing sushi, sashimi, oysters in their shells and fresh vegetables plucked from their hydroponic beds.
The next evening, she arrived with a stack of glittering stopboxes containing sushi, sashimi, oysters in their shells and fresh vegetables plucked from their hydroponic beds.
The next evening, she arrived with a stack of glittering stopboxes containing sushi, sashimi, oysters in their shells and fresh vegetables plucked from their hydroponic beds.
The next evening, she arrived with a stack of glittering stopboxes containing sushi, sashimi, oysters in their shells and fresh vegetables plucked from their hydroponic beds.
The next evening, she arrived with a stack of glittering stopboxes containing sushi, sashimi, oysters in their shells and fresh vegetables plucked from their hydroponic beds.
The next evening, she arrived with a stack of glittering stopboxes containing sushi, sashimi, oysters in their shells and fresh vegetables plucked from their hydroponic beds.
The next evening, she arrived with a stack of glittering stopboxes, with sushi, sashimi, oysters in their shells and fresh vegetables plucked from their hydroponic beds.
The next evening, she arrived with a stack of glittering stopboxes, with sushi, sashimi, oysters in their shells and fresh vegetables plucked from their hydroponic beds.
The next evening, she arrived with a stack of glittering stopboxes, with sushi, sashimi, oysters in their shells and fresh vegetables plucked from their hydroponic beds.
The next evening, she arrived with a stack of glittering stopboxes, with sushi, sashimi, oysters in their shells and fresh vegetables plucked from their hydroponic beds.
The next evening, she arrived with a stack of glittering stopboxes, with sushi, sashimi, oysters in their shells and fresh vegetables plucked from their hydroponic beds.
The next evening, she arrived with a stack of glittering stopboxes, with sushi, sashimi, oysters in their shells and fresh vegetables plucked from their hydroponic beds.
The next evening, she arrived with a stack of glittering stopboxes, with sushi, sashimi, oysters in their shells and fresh vegetables plucked from their hydroponic beds.
The next evening, she arrived with a stack of glittering stopboxes, with sushi, sashimi, oysters in their shells and fresh vegetables plucked from their hydroponic beds.
The next evening, she arrived with a stack of glittering stopboxes, with sushi, sashimi, oysters in their shells and fresh vegetables plucked from their hydroponic beds.
The next evening, she arrived with a stack of glittering stopboxes containing sushi, sashimi, oysters in their shells and fresh vegetables plucked from their hydroponic beds.
The next evening, she arrived with a stack of glittering stopboxes containing sushi, sashimi, oysters in their shells and fresh vegetables plucked from their hydroponic beds.
The next evening, she arrived with a stack of glittering stopboxes containing sushi, sashimi, oysters in their shells and fresh vegetables plucked from their hydroponic beds.
The next evening, she arrived with a stack of glittering stopboxes containing sushi, sashimi, oysters in their shells and fresh vegetables plucked from their hydroponic beds.
The next evening, she arrived with a stack of glittering stopboxes containing sushi, sashimi, oysters in their shells and fresh vegetables plucked from their hydroponic beds.
The next evening, she arrived with a stack of glittering stopboxes containing sushi, sashimi, oysters in their shells and fresh vegetables plucked from their hydroponic beds.
The next evening, she arrived with a stack of glittering stopboxes containing sushi, sashimi, oysters in their shells and fresh vegetables plucked from their hydroponic beds.
The next evening, she arrived with a stack of glittering stopboxes containing sushi, sashimi, oysters in their shells and fresh vegetables plucked from their hydroponic beds.
The next evening, she arrived with a stack of glittering stopboxes containing sushi, sashimi, oysters in their shells and fresh vegetables plucked from their hydroponic beds.
The next evening, she arrived with a stack of glittering stopboxes containing sushi, sashimi, oysters in their shells and fresh vegetables plucked from their hydroponic beds.
The next evening, she arrived with a stack of glittering stopboxes containing sushi, sashimi, oysters in their shells and fresh vegetables plucked from their hydroponic beds.
Safti confesses his love for Edwina Lord Esketh, who now understands the plight of this good man. How many times a day does Safti think of Edwina?
Safti confesses his love for Edwina Lord Esketh, who now understands the plight of this good man. When did Safti fall in love with Edwina?
Safti confesses his love for Edwina Lord Esketh, who now understands the plight of this good man. When did Safti fall in love with Edwina?
Safti confesses his love for Edwina Lord Esketh, who now understands the plight of this good man. When did Safti fall in love with Edwina?
Safti confesses his love for Edwina Lord Esketh, who now understands the plight of this good man. When did Safti fall in love with Edwina?
Safti confesses his love for Edwina Lord Esketh, who now understands the plight of this good man. When did Safti fall in love with Edwina?
Safti confesses his love for Edwina Lord Esketh, who now understands the plight of this good man. When did Safti fall in love with Edwina?
Safti confesses his love for Edwina Lord Esketh, who now understands the plight of this good man. When did Safti fall in love with Edwina?
Safti confesses his love for Edwina Lord Esketh, who now understands the plight of this good man. When did Safti fall in love with Edwina?
Safti confesses his love for Edwina Lord Esketh, who now understands the plight of this good man. When did Safti fall in love with Edwina?
Safti confesses his love for Edwina Lord Esketh, who now understands the plight of this good man. What did Safti do after falling in love with Edwina?
Safti confesses his love for Edwina Lord Esketh, who now understands the plight of this good man. What did Safti do after falling in love with Edwina?
Safti confesses his love for Edwina Lord Esketh, who now understands the plight of this good man. What did Safti do after falling in love with Edwina?
Safti confesses his love for Edwina Lord Esketh, who now understands the plight of this good man. What did Safti do after falling in love with Edwina?
Safti confesses his love for Edwina Lord Esketh, who now understands the plight of this good man. What did Safti do after falling in love with Edwina?
Safti confesses his love for Edwina Lord Esketh, who now understands the plight of this good man. What did Safti do after falling in love with Edwina?
Safti confesses his love for Edwina Lord Esketh, who now understands the plight of this good man. What did Safti do after falling in love with Edwina?
Safti confesses his love for Edwina Lord Esketh, who now understands the plight of this good man. How long has Safti been in love with Edwina?
Safti confesses his love for Edwina Lord Esketh, who now understands the plight of this good man. How long has Safti been in love with Edwina?
Safti confesses his love for Edwina Lord Esketh, who now understands the plight of this good man. How long has Safti been in love with Edwina?
Safti confesses his love for Edwina Lord Esketh, who now understands the plight of this good man. How long has Safti been in love with Edwina?
Safti confesses his love for Edwina Lord Esketh, who now understands the plight of this good man. Has Safti always been in love with Edwina?
Safti confesses his love for Edwina Lord Esketh, who now understands the plight of this good man. Has Safti always been in love with Edwina?
Safti confesses his love for Edwina Lord Esketh, who now understands the plight of this good man. Has Safti always been in love with Edwina?
Safti confesses his love for Edwina Lord Esketh, who now understands the plight of this good man. Has Safti always been in love with Edwina?
Safti confesses his love for Edwina Lord Esketh, who now understands the plight of this good man. Has Safti always been in love with Edwina?
Safti confesses his love for Edwina Lord Esketh, who now understands the plight of this good man. Has Safti always been in love with Edwina?
Safti confesses his love for Edwina Lord Esketh, who now understands the plight of this good man. Has Safti always been in love with Edwina?
Safti confesses his love for Edwina Lord Esketh, who now understands the plight of this good man. Has Safti always been in love with Edwina?
Safti confesses his love for Edwina Lord Esketh, who now understands the plight of this good man. Has Safti always been in love with Edwina?
Safti confesses his love for Edwina Lord Esketh, who now understands the plight of this good man. Has Safti always been in love with Edwina?
Safti confesses his love for Edwina Lord Esketh, who now understands the plight of this good man. Has Safti always been in love with Edwina?
Safti confesses his love for Edwina Lord Esketh, who now understands the plight of this good man. Has Safti always been in love with Edwina?
He also promises to "come to him." How long does it take for him to "come" to him?
He also promises to "come to him." How long does it take for him to "come" to him?
He also promises to "come to him." How long does it take for him to "come" to him?
He also promises to "come to him." How long does it take for him to "come" to him?
He also promises to "come to him." How long does it take for him to "come" to him?
He also promises to "come to him." How long does it take for him to "come" to him?
He also promises to "come to him." How long does it take for him to "come" to him?
He also promises to "come to him." How long does it take for him to "come" to him?
He also promises to "come to him." How long does it take for him to "come" to him?
He also promises to "come to him." How long does it take for him to "come" to him?
He also promises to "come to him." What will happen if he "comes" to him?
He also promises to come to "him."
He also promises to come to "him."
He also promises to come to "him."
He also promises to come to "him."
He also promises to come to "him."
He also promises to "come" to him. How often will he "come" to him?
He also promises to "come" to him. How often will he "come" to him?
He also promises to "come" to him. How often will he "come" to him?
He also promises to "come" to him. How often will he "come" to him?
He also promises to "come" to him. How often will he "come" to him?
He also promises to "come to" him.
He also promises to "come to" him.
He also promises to "come to" him.
He also promises to "come to" him.
He also promises to "come to" him.
Because then they feel compelled to stay in this situation. "Will they feel compelled to stay next year?
Because then they feel compelled to stay in this situation. "Will they feel compelled to stay next year?
Because then they feel compelled to stay in this situation. "How long do they feel compelled to stay?
Because then they feel compelled to stay in this situation. "How long do they feel compelled to stay?
Because then they feel compelled to stay in this situation. "How long do they feel compelled to stay?
Because then they feel compelled to stay in this situation. "How long do they feel compelled to stay?
Because then they feel compelled to stay in this situation. "How long do they feel compelled to stay?
Because then they feel compelled to stay in this situation. "How long do they feel compelled to stay?
Because then they feel compelled to stay in this situation. "How long do they feel compelled to stay?
Because then they feel compelled to stay in this situation. "What happens if they can leave?
Because then they feel compelled to stay in this situation. "What happens if they can leave?
Because then they feel compelled to stay in this situation. "What happens if they can leave?
Because then they feel compelled to stay in this situation. "How often do they on average feel stuck in the situation?
Because then they feel compelled to stay in this situation. "How often do they on average feel stuck in the situation?
Because then they feel compelled to stay in this situation. "How often do they on average feel stuck in the situation?
Because then they feel compelled to stay in this situation. "How often do they on average feel stuck in the situation?
Because then they feel compelled to stay in this situation. "How often do they on average feel stuck in the situation?
Because then they feel compelled to stay in this situation. "How often do they on average feel stuck in the situation?
Because then they feel compelled to stay in this situation. "When did they start to feel compelled to stay?
Because then they feel compelled to stay in this situation. "When did they start to feel compelled to stay?
Because then they feel compelled to stay in this situation. "When did they start to feel compelled to stay?
{{lang}} is about a man who roams the streets night after night. What happens if the man who roams the streets at night is found?
{{lang}} is about a man who roams the streets night after night. What happens if the man who roams the streets at night is found?
{{lang}} is about a man who roams the streets night after night. What happens if the man who roams the streets at night is found?
{{lang}} is about a man who roams the streets night after night. What happens if the man who roams the streets at night is found?
{{lang}} is about a man who roams the streets night after night. What happens if the man who roams the streets at night is found?
{{lang}} is about a man who roams the streets night after night. What happens if the man who roams the streets at night is found?
{{lang}} is about a man who roams the streets night after night. What happens if the man who roams the streets at night is found?
{{lang}} is about a man who roams the streets night after night.
{{lang}} is about a man who roams the streets night after night.
{{lang}} is about a man who roams the streets night after night.
{{lang}} is about a man who roams the streets night after night.
{{lang}} is about a man who roams the streets night after night.
{{lang}} is about a man who roams the streets night after night.
{{lang}} is about a man who roams the streets night after night.
{{lang}} is about a man who roams the streets night after night.
{{lang}} is about a man who roams the streets night after night.
{{lang}} is about a man who roams the streets night after night.
However, there was no direct control over political operations throughout Algeria. How long was there direct control over political operations?
However, there was no direct control over political operations throughout Algeria. How long was there direct control over political operations?
However, there was no direct control over political operations throughout Algeria. How long was there direct control over political operations?
However, there was no direct control over political operations throughout Algeria. How long was there direct control over political operations?
However, there was no direct control over political operations throughout Algeria. How long was there direct control over political operations?
However, there was no direct control over political operations throughout Algeria. How long was there direct control over political operations?
However, there was no direct control over political operations throughout Algeria. What happened to Algeria when there was direct control over political operations?
However, there was no direct control over political operations throughout Algeria. What happened to Algeria when there was direct control over political operations?
However, there was no direct control over political operations throughout Algeria. What happened to Algeria when there was direct control over political operations?
However, there was no direct control over political operations throughout Algeria. What happened to Algeria when there was direct control over political operations?
However, there was no direct control over political operations throughout Algeria. Are Algeria's political operations still directly controlled?
However, there was no direct control over political operations throughout Algeria. Are Algeria's political operations still directly controlled?
However, there was no direct control over political operations throughout Algeria. How often is Algeria free from direct control over its political operations?
However, there was no direct control over political operations throughout Algeria. How often is Algeria free from direct control over its political operations?
However, there was no direct control over political operations throughout Algeria. How often is Algeria free from direct control over its political operations?
However, there was no direct control over political operations throughout Algeria. When did control of Algerian politics come about?
However, there was no direct control over political operations throughout Algeria. When did control of Algerian politics come about?
However, there was no direct control over political operations throughout Algeria. When did control of Algerian politics come about?
However, there was no direct control over political operations throughout Algeria. When did control of Algerian politics come about?
However, there was no direct control over political operations throughout Algeria. When did control of Algerian politics come about?
However, there was no direct control over political operations throughout Algeria. When did control of Algerian politics come about?
After the second crash at the World Trade Center, Boston Center managers realized that both planes were transcontinental 767 jets that had left Logan Airport.
After the second crash at the World Trade Center, Boston Center managers realized that both planes were transcontinental 767 jets that had left Logan Airport.
After the second crash at the World Trade Center, Boston Center managers realized that both planes were transcontinental 767 jets that had left Logan Airport.
After the second crash at the World Trade Center, Boston Center managers realized that both planes were transcontinental 767 jets that had left Logan Airport.
After the second crash at the World Trade Center, Boston Center managers realized that both planes were transcontinental 767 jets that had left Logan Airport.
After the second crash at the World Trade Center, Boston Center managers realized that both planes were transcontinental 767 jets that had left Logan Airport.
After the second crash at the World Trade Center, Boston Center managers realized that both planes were transcontinental 767 jets that had left Logan Airport.
After the second crash at the World Trade Center, Boston Center managers realized that both planes were transcontinental 767 jets that had left Logan Airport.
After the second crash at the World Trade Center, Boston Center managers realized that both planes were transcontinental 767 jets that had left Logan Airport.
After the second crash of the World Trade Center, the managers of the Boston Center realized that both planes were transcontinental 767 jets that had left Logan Airport. What did the managers of the Boston Center do after recognizing both planes?
After the second crash of the World Trade Center, the managers of the Boston Center realized that both planes were transcontinental 767 jets that had left Logan Airport. What did the managers of the Boston Center do after recognizing both planes?
After the second crash of the World Trade Center, the managers of the Boston Center realized that both planes were transcontinental 767 jets that had left Logan Airport. What did the managers of the Boston Center do after recognizing both planes?
After the second crash of the World Trade Center, the managers of the Boston Center realized that both planes were transcontinental 767 jets that had left Logan Airport. What did the managers of the Boston Center do after recognizing both planes?
After the second crash of the World Trade Center, the managers of the Boston Center realized that both planes were transcontinental 767 jets that had left Logan Airport. What did the managers of the Boston Center do after recognizing both planes?
After the second crash of the World Trade Center, the managers of the Boston Center realized that both planes were transcontinental 767 jets that had left Logan Airport. What did the managers of the Boston Center do after recognizing both planes?
After the second crash of the World Trade Center, the managers of the Boston Center realized that both planes were transcontinental 767 jets that had left Logan Airport.
After the second crash of the World Trade Center, the managers of the Boston Center realized that both planes were transcontinental 767 jets that had left Logan Airport.
After the second crash of the World Trade Center, the managers of the Boston Center realized that both planes were transcontinental 767 jets that had left Logan Airport.
After the second crash of the World Trade Center, the managers of the Boston Center realized that both planes were transcontinental 767 jets that had left Logan Airport.
After the second crash of the World Trade Center, the managers of the Boston Center realized that both planes were transcontinental 767 jets that had left Logan Airport.
After the second crash of the World Trade Center, the managers of the Boston Center realized that both planes were transcontinental 767 jets that had left Logan Airport.
After the second crash of the World Trade Center, the managers of the Boston Center realized that both planes were transcontinental 767 jets that had left Logan Airport.
It was huge and inefficient, and she should never have spent so many pesos on a toy, but Dad wouldn't let her return it.
It was huge and inefficient, and she should never have spent so many pesos on a toy, but Dad wouldn't let her return it.
It was huge and inefficient, and she should never have spent so many pesos on a toy, but Dad wouldn't let her return it.
It was huge and inefficient, and she should never have spent so many pesos on a toy, but Dad wouldn't let her return it.
It was huge and inefficient, and she should never have spent so many pesos on a toy, but Dad wouldn't let her return it.
It was huge and inefficient, and she should never have spent so many pesos on a toy, but Dad wouldn't let her return it.
It was huge and inefficient, and she should never have spent so many pesos on a toy, but Dad wouldn't let her return it.
It was huge and inefficient, and she should never have spent so many pesos on a toy, but Dad wouldn't let her return it.
It was huge and inefficient, and she should never have spent so many pesos on a toy, but Dad wouldn't let her return it.
It was huge and inefficient, and she should never have spent so many pesos on a toy, but Dad wouldn't let her return it.
It was huge and inefficient, and she should never have spent so many pesos on a toy, but Dad wouldn't let her return it. How long did she spend in the store to buy the toy?
It was huge and inefficient, and she should never have spent so many pesos on a toy, but Dad wouldn't let her return it. How long did she spend in the store to buy the toy?
It was huge and inefficient, and she should never have spent so many pesos on a toy, but Dad wouldn't let her return it. How long did she spend in the store to buy the toy?
It was huge and inefficient, and she should never have spent so many pesos on a toy, but Dad wouldn't let her return it. How long did she spend in the store to buy the toy?
It was huge and inefficient, and she should never have spent so many pesos on a toy, but Dad wouldn't let her return it. How long did she spend in the store to buy the toy?
It was huge and inefficient, and she should never have spent so many pesos on a toy, but Dad wouldn't let her return it. How long did she spend in the store to buy the toy?
It was huge and inefficient, and she should never have spent so many pesos on a toy, but Dad wouldn't let her return it. How long did she spend in the store to buy the toy?
It was huge and inefficient, and she should never have spent so many pesos on a toy, but Dad wouldn't let her return it. How long did she spend in the store to buy the toy?
It was huge and inefficient, and she should never have spent so many pesos on a toy, but Dad wouldn't let her return it. How long did she spend in the store to buy the toy?
Survivors of domestic violence in Jackson, Vicksburg, Hattiesburg, Oxford and Pascagoula can all get help.
Survivors of domestic violence in Jackson, Vicksburg, Hattiesburg, Oxford and Pascagoula can all get help.
Survivors of domestic violence in Jackson, Vicksburg, Hattiesburg, Oxford and Pascagoula can all get help.
Survivors of domestic violence in Jackson, Vicksburg, Hattiesburg, Oxford and Pascagoula can all get help.
Survivors of domestic violence in Jackson, Vicksburg, Hattiesburg, Oxford and Pascagoula can all get help.
Survivors of domestic violence in Jackson, Vicksburg, Hattiesburg, Oxford and Pascagoula can all get help.
Survivors of domestic violence in Jackson, Vicksburg, Hattiesburg, Oxford and Pascagoula can all get help.
Survivors of domestic violence in Jackson, Vicksburg, Hattiesburg, Oxford and Pascagoula can all get help.
Survivors of domestic violence in Jackson, Vicksburg, Hattiesburg, Oxford and Pascagoula can all get help.
Survivors of domestic violence in Jackson, Vicksburg, Hattiesburg, Oxford and Pascagoula can all get help.
Survivors of domestic violence in Jackson, Vicksburg, Hattiesburg, Oxford and Pascagoula can all get help.
Survivors of domestic violence in Jackson, Vicksburg, Hattiesburg, Oxford and Pascagoula can all get help.
Survivors of domestic violence in Jackson, Vicksburg, Hattiesburg, Oxford and Pascagoula can all get help.
Survivors of domestic violence in Jackson, Vicksburg, Hattiesburg, Oxford and Pascagoula can all get help.
Survivors of domestic violence in Jackson, Vicksburg, Hattiesburg, Oxford and Pascagoula can all get help.
Survivors of domestic violence in Jackson, Vicksburg, Hattiesburg, Oxford and Pascagoula can all get help.
Survivors of domestic violence in Jackson, Vicksburg, Hattiesburg, Oxford and Pascagoula can all get help.
Survivors of domestic violence in Jackson, Vicksburg, Hattiesburg, Oxford and Pascagoula can all get help.
Survivors of domestic violence in Jackson, Vicksburg, Hattiesburg, Oxford and Pascagoula can all get help.
Survivors of domestic violence in Jackson, Vicksburg, Hattiesburg, Oxford and Pascagoula can all get help.
Survivors of domestic violence in Jackson, Vicksburg, Hattiesburg, Oxford and Pascagoula can all get help.
Survivors of domestic violence in Jackson, Vicksburg, Hattiesburg, Oxford and Pascagoula can all get help.
Survivors of domestic violence in Jackson, Vicksburg, Hattiesburg, Oxford and Pascagoula all receive help. How often is help offered?
Survivors of domestic violence in Jackson, Vicksburg, Hattiesburg, Oxford and Pascagoula all receive help. How often is help offered?
Survivors of domestic violence in Jackson, Vicksburg, Hattiesburg, Oxford and Pascagoula all receive help. How often is help offered?
Survivors of domestic violence in Jackson, Vicksburg, Hattiesburg, Oxford and Pascagoula all receive help. How often is help offered?
Survivors of domestic violence in Jackson, Vicksburg, Hattiesburg, Oxford and Pascagoula all receive help. How often is help offered?
Survivors of domestic violence in Jackson, Vicksburg, Hattiesburg, Oxford and Pascagoula all receive help. How often is help offered?
Survivors of domestic violence in Jackson, Vicksburg, Hattiesburg, Oxford and Pascagoula all receive help. How often is help offered?
Survivors of domestic violence in Jackson, Vicksburg, Hattiesburg, Oxford and Pascagoula all receive help. How often is help offered?
Tim knew if the bike would be in any of the gifts it would have in that box. How many times was the bike put in the box?
Tim knew if the bike would be in any of the gifts it would have in that box. How many times was the bike put in the box?
Tim knew if the bike would be in any of the gifts it would have in that box. How many times was the bike put in the box?
Tim knew if the bike would be in any of the gifts it would have in that box. How many times was the bike put in the box?
Tim knew if the bike would be in any of the gifts it would have in that box. How many times was the bike put in the box?
Tim knew if the bike would be in any of the gifts it would have in that box. How many times was the bike put in the box?
Tim knew if the bike would be in any of the gifts it would have in that box. How many times was the bike put in the box?
Tim knew if the bike would be in any of the gifts it would have in that box. At what time of day did Tim grab the box?
Tim knew if the bike would be in any of the gifts it would have in that box. At what time of day did Tim grab the box?
Tim knew if the bike would be in any of the gifts it would have in that box. At what time of day did Tim grab the box?
Tim knew if the bike would be in any of the gifts it would have in that box. At what time of day did Tim grab the box?
Tim knew if the bike would be in any of the gifts it would have in that box. At what time of day did Tim grab the box?
Tim knew if the bike would be in any of the gifts it would have in that box. At what time of day did Tim grab the box?
Tim knew if the bike would be in any of the gifts it would have in that box. At what time of day did Tim grab the box?
Tim knew if the bike would be in one of the gifts it would have in that box. After Tim found the box, what happened?
Tim knew if the bike would be in one of the gifts it would have in that box. After Tim found the box, what happened?
Tim knew if the bike would be in one of the gifts it would have in that box. After Tim found the box, what happened?
Tim knew if the bike would be in one of the gifts it would have in that box. After Tim found the box, what happened?
Tim knew if the bike would be in one of the gifts it would have in that box. After Tim found the box, what happened?
Tim knew if the bike would be in one of the gifts it would have in that box. After Tim found the box, what happened?
Tim knew if the bike would be in one of the gifts it would have in that box. After Tim found the box, what happened?
Tim knew if the bike would be in one of the gifts it would have in this box. How long was the bike in the box?
Tim knew if the bike would be in one of the gifts it would have in this box. How long was the bike in the box?
Tim knew if the bike would be in one of the gifts it would have in this box. How long was the bike in the box?
Tim knew if the bike would be in one of the gifts it would have in this box. How long was the bike in the box?
Tim knew if the bike would be in one of the gifts it would have in this box. How long was the bike in the box?
Tim knew if the bike would be in one of the gifts it would have in this box. How long was the bike in the box?
This aversion to war also led Einstein to befriend the author Upton Sinclair and the film star Charlie Chaplin, both of whom were known for their pacifism.
This aversion to war also led Einstein to befriend the author Upton Sinclair and the film star Charlie Chaplin, both of whom were known for their pacifism.
This aversion to war also led Einstein to befriend the author Upton Sinclair and the film star Charlie Chaplin, both of whom were known for their pacifism.
This aversion to war also led Einstein to befriend the author Upton Sinclair and the film star Charlie Chaplin, both of whom were known for their pacifism.
This aversion to war also led Einstein to befriend the author Upton Sinclair and the film star Charlie Chaplin, both of whom were known for their pacifism.
This aversion to war also led Einstein to befriend the author Upton Sinclair and the film star Charlie Chaplin, both of whom were known for their pacifism.
This aversion to war also led Einstein to befriend the author Upton Sinclair and the film star Charlie Chaplin, both of whom were known for their pacifism.
This aversion to war also led Einstein to befriend the author Upton Sinclair and the film star Charlie Chaplin, both of whom were known for their pacifism.
This aversion to war also led Einstein to befriend the author Upton Sinclair and the film star Charlie Chaplin, both of whom were known for their pacifism.
This aversion to war also led Einstein to befriend the author Upton Sinclair and the film star Charlie Chaplin, both of whom were known for their pacifism.
This aversion to war also led Einstein to befriend the author Upton Sinclair and the film star Charlie Chaplin, both of whom were known for their pacifism.
This aversion to war also led Einstein to befriend the author Upton Sinclair and the film star Charlie Chaplin, both of whom were known for their pacifism.
This aversion to war also led Einstein to befriend the author Upton Sinclair and the film star Charlie Chaplin, both of whom were known for their pacifism.
This aversion to war also led Einstein to befriend the author Upton Sinclair and the film star Charlie Chaplin, both of whom were known for their pacifism.
This aversion to war also led Einstein to befriend the author Upton Sinclair and the film star Charlie Chaplin, both of whom were known for their pacifism.
This aversion to war also led Einstein to befriend the author Upton Sinclair and the film star Charlie Chaplin, both of whom were known for their pacifism.
This aversion to war also led Einstein to befriend the author Upton Sinclair and the film star Charlie Chaplin, both of whom were known for their pacifism.
This aversion to war also led Einstein to befriend the author Upton Sinclair and the film star Charlie Chaplin, both of whom were known for their pacifism.
What we call lab-to-fab time should be as close to zero as possible, Kelly said. How often does Kelly talk about lab-to-fab time?
What we call lab-to-fab time should be as close to zero as possible, Kelly said. How often does Kelly talk about lab-to-fab time?
What we call lab-to-fab time should be as close to zero as possible, Kelly said. How often does Kelly talk about lab-to-fab time?
What we call lab-to-fab time should be as close to zero as possible, Kelly said.
What we call lab-to-fab time should be as close to zero as possible, Kelly said.
What we call lab-to-fab time should be as close to zero as possible, Kelly said.
What we call lab-to-fab time should be as close to zero as possible, Kelly said.
What we call lab-to-fab time should be as close to zero as possible, Kelly said.
What we call lab-to-fab time should be as close to zero as possible, Kelly said.
What we call lab-to-fab time should be as close to zero as possible, Kelly said.
What we call lab-to-fab time should be as close to zero as possible, Kelly said.
What we call lab-to-fab time should be as close to zero as possible, Kelly said. What happened after Kelly spoke?
What we call lab-to-fab time should be as close to zero as possible, Kelly said. What happened after Kelly spoke?
What we call lab-to-fab time should be as close to zero as possible, Kelly said. What happened after Kelly spoke?
What we call lab-to-fab time should be as close to zero as possible, Kelly said. What happened after Kelly spoke?
What we call lab-to-fab time should be as close to zero as possible, Kelly said. What happened after Kelly spoke?
What we call lab-to-fab time should be as close to zero as possible, Kelly said.
What we call lab-to-fab time should be as close to zero as possible, Kelly said.
Diggler became a prominent model and began to appear in porn movies, after which his career began. How long did it take for Diggler to become a model?
Diggler became a prominent model and began to appear in porn movies, after which his career began. How long did it take for Diggler to become a model?
Diggler became a prominent model and began to appear in porn movies, after which his career began. How long did it take for Diggler to become a model?
Diggler became a prominent model and began to appear in porn movies, after which his career began. How long did it take for Diggler to become a model?
Diggler became a prominent model and began to appear in porn movies, after which his career began. How long did it take for Diggler to become a model?
Diggler became a prominent model and began to appear in porn movies, after which his career began. How long did it take for Diggler to become a model?
Diggler became a prominent model and began to appear in porn movies, after which his career began. How long did it take for Diggler to become a model?
Diggler became a prominent model and began to appear in porn movies, after which his career began. How long did it take for Diggler to become a model?
Diggler became a prominent model and began to appear in porn movies, after which his career began. How long did it take for Diggler to become a model?
Diggler became a prominent model and began to appear in porn movies, after which his career began. How long did it take for Diggler to become a model?
Diggler became a prominent model and began to appear in porn movies, after which his career began. How long did it take for Diggler to become a model?
Diggler became a prominent model and began to appear in porn movies, after which his career began. How long did it take for Diggler to become a model?
Diggler became a prominent model and began to appear in porn movies, after which his career began. How long did it take for Diggler to become a model?
Diggler became a prominent model and began to appear in porn movies, after which his career began. How long did it take for Diggler to become a model?
Diggler became a prominent model and began to appear in porn movies, after which his career began. How long did it take for Diggler to become a model?
Diggler became a prominent model and began to appear in porn movies, after which his career began. How long did it take for Diggler to become a model?
Diggler became a prominent model and began to appear in porn movies, after which his career began. How long did it take for Diggler to become a model?
Diggler became a prominent model and began appearing in porn films, after which his career began.
Diggler became a prominent model and began appearing in porn films, after which his career began.
Diggler became a prominent model and began appearing in porn films, after which his career began.
Diggler became a prominent model and began to appear in porn movies, whereupon his career began. How often did Diggler change her career?
Diggler became a prominent model and began to appear in porn movies, whereupon his career began. How often did Diggler change her career?
Diggler became a prominent model and began to appear in porn movies, whereupon his career began. How often did Diggler change her career?
Diggler became a prominent model and began to appear in porn movies, whereupon his career began. How often did Diggler change her career?
Diggler became a prominent model and began to appear in porn movies, whereupon his career began. How often did Diggler change her career?
Diggler became a prominent model and began to appear in porn movies, whereupon his career began. How often did Diggler change her career?
Diggler became a prominent model and began to appear in porn movies, whereupon his career began. How often did Diggler change her career?
Diggler became a prominent model and began to appear in porn movies, whereupon his career began. When did Diggler start modelling?
Diggler became a prominent model and began to appear in porn movies, whereupon his career began. When did Diggler start modelling?
Diggler became a prominent model and began to appear in porn movies, whereupon his career began. When did Diggler start modelling?
Diggler became a prominent model and began to appear in porn movies, whereupon his career began. When did Diggler start modelling?
Diggler became a prominent model and began to appear in porn movies, whereupon his career began. When did Diggler start modelling?
Diggler became a prominent model and began to appear in porn movies, whereupon his career began. When did Diggler start modelling?
In the meantime, fate took revenge on one of his lesser enemies. Is he still an enemy?
In the meantime, fate took revenge on one of his lesser enemies. How long did he have this enemy?
In the meantime, fate took revenge on one of his lesser enemies. How long did he have this enemy?
In the meantime, fate took revenge on one of his lesser enemies. How long did he have this enemy?
In the meantime, fate took revenge on one of his lesser enemies. How long did he have this enemy?
In the meantime, fate took revenge on one of his lesser enemies. How long did he have this enemy?
In the meantime, fate took revenge on one of his lesser enemies. How long did he have this enemy?
In the meantime, fate took revenge on one of his lesser enemies. How long did he have this enemy?
In the meantime, fate took revenge on one of his lesser enemies. How long did he have this enemy?
In the meantime, fate took revenge on one of his lesser enemies. How long did he have this enemy?
In the meantime, fate took revenge on one of its smaller enemies. What happened after fate intervened?
In the meantime, fate took revenge on one of its smaller enemies. What happened after fate intervened?
In the meantime, fate took revenge on one of its smaller enemies. How often did fate intervene?
In the meantime, fate took revenge on one of its smaller enemies. How often did fate intervene?
In the meantime, fate took revenge on one of its smaller enemies. How often did fate intervene?
In the meantime, fate took revenge on one of its smaller enemies. How often did fate intervene?
In the meantime, fate took revenge on one of its smaller enemies. How often did fate intervene?
In the meantime, while living on the property, Mr. Neville gained a good reputation with his residents, especially Mrs. Herbert's son-in-law, Mr. Talmann. What years did Mr. Neville live on the property?
In the meantime, while living on the property, Mr. Neville gained a good reputation with his residents, especially Mrs. Herbert's son-in-law, Mr. Talmann. What years did Mr. Neville live on the property?
In the meantime, while living on the property, Mr. Neville gained a good reputation with his residents, especially Mrs. Herbert's son-in-law, Mr. Talmann. What years did Mr. Neville live on the property?
In the meantime, while living on the property, Mr. Neville gained a good reputation with his residents, especially Mrs. Herbert's son-in-law, Mr. Talmann. What years did Mr. Neville live on the property?
In the meantime, while living on the property, Mr. Neville gained a good reputation with his residents, especially Mrs. Herbert's son-in-law, Mr. Talmann. What years did Mr. Neville live on the property?
In the meantime, while living on the property, Mr. Neville gained a good reputation with his residents, especially Mrs. Herbert's son-in-law, Mr. Talmann. What years did Mr. Neville live on the property?
In the meantime, while living on the property, Mr. Neville gained a good reputation with his residents, especially Mrs. Herbert's son-in-law, Mr. Talmann. Where did he go after he left the property?
In the meantime, while living on the property, Mr. Neville gained a good reputation with his residents, especially Mrs. Herbert's son-in-law, Mr. Talmann. Where did he go after he left the property?
In the meantime, while living on the property, Mr. Neville gained a good reputation with his residents, especially Mrs. Herbert's son-in-law, Mr. Talmann. How long did Mr. Neville live on the property?
In the meantime, while living on the property, Mr. Neville gained a good reputation with his residents, especially Mrs. Herbert's son-in-law, Mr. Talmann. How long did Mr. Neville live on the property?
In the meantime, while living on the property, Mr. Neville gained a good reputation with his residents, especially Mrs. Herbert's son-in-law, Mr. Talmann. How long did Mr. Neville live on the property?
In the meantime, while living on the property, Mr. Neville gained a good reputation with his residents, especially Mrs. Herbert's son-in-law, Mr. Talmann. How long did Mr. Neville live on the property?
In the meantime, while living on the property, Mr. Neville gained a good reputation with his residents, especially Mrs. Herbert's son-in-law, Mr. Talmann. How long did Mr. Neville live on the property?
In the meantime, while living on the property, Mr. Neville gained a good reputation with his residents, especially Mrs. Herbert's son-in-law, Mr. Talmann. How long did Mr. Neville live on the property?
In the meantime, while living on the property, Mr. Neville gained a good reputation with his residents, especially Mrs. Herbert's son-in-law, Mr. Talmann. How long did Mr. Neville live on the property?
In the meantime, while living on the property, Mr. Neville gained a good reputation with his residents, especially Mrs. Herbert's son-in-law, Mr. Talmann. How long did Mr. Neville live on the property?
After a bachelor's and master's degree in education and several years as a teacher, Kilgore enrolled at UM Law School. How many hours per week did Kilgore study during his law studies?
After a bachelor's and master's degree in education and several years as a teacher, Kilgore enrolled at UM Law School. How many hours per week did Kilgore study during his law studies?
After a bachelor's and master's degree in education and several years as a teacher, Kilgore enrolled at UM Law School. How many hours per week did Kilgore study during his law studies?
After a bachelor's and master's degree in education and several years as a teacher, Kilgore enrolled at UM Law School. How many hours per week did Kilgore study during his law studies?
After a bachelor's and master's degree in education and several years as a teacher, Kilgore enrolled at UM Law School. How many hours per week did Kilgore study during his law studies?
After a bachelor's and master's degree in education and several years as a teacher, Kilgore enrolled at UM Law School. How many hours per week did Kilgore study during his law studies?
After a bachelor's and master's degree in education and several years as a teacher, Kilgore enrolled at UM Law School. How many hours per week did Kilgore study during his law studies?
After a bachelor's and master's degree in education and several years as a teacher, Kilgore enrolled at UM Law School. How many hours per week did Kilgore study during his law studies?
After a bachelor's and master's degree in education and several years as a teacher, Kilgore enrolled at UM Law School. How many hours per week did Kilgore study during his law studies?
After a bachelor's and master's degree in education and several years as a teacher, Kilgore enrolled at UM Law School. How many hours per week did Kilgore study during his law studies?
After a bachelor's and master's degree in education and several years as a teacher, Kilgore enrolled at UM Law School. How many hours per week did Kilgore study during his law studies?
After a bachelor's and master's degree in education and several years as a teacher, Kilgore enrolled at UM Law School. How many hours per week did Kilgore study during his law studies?
After a bachelor's and master's degree in education and several years as a teacher, Kilgore enrolled at UM Law School. What happened after Kilgore enrolled in law school?
After a bachelor's and master's degree in education and several years as a teacher, Kilgore enrolled at UM Law School. What happened after Kilgore enrolled in law school?
After a bachelor's and master's degree in education and several years as a teacher, Kilgore enrolled at UM Law School. What happened after Kilgore enrolled in law school?
After a bachelor's and master's degree in education and several years as a teacher, Kilgore enrolled at UM Law School. What happened after Kilgore enrolled in law school?
After a bachelor's and master's degree in pedagogy and several years as a teacher, Kilgore enrolled in the UM Law School. How long did it take for him to earn a bachelor's degree?
After a bachelor's and master's degree in pedagogy and several years as a teacher, Kilgore enrolled in the UM Law School. How long did it take for him to earn a bachelor's degree?
After a bachelor's and master's degree in pedagogy and several years as a teacher, Kilgore enrolled in the UM Law School. How long did it take for him to earn a bachelor's degree?
After a bachelor's and master's degree in pedagogy and several years as a teacher, Kilgore enrolled in the UM Law School. How long did it take for him to earn a bachelor's degree?
After a bachelor's and master's degree in pedagogy and several years as a teacher, Kilgore enrolled in the UM Law School. How long did it take for him to earn a bachelor's degree?
After a bachelor's and master's degree in pedagogy and several years as a teacher, Kilgore enrolled in the UM Law School. How long did it take for him to earn a bachelor's degree?
After a bachelor's and master's degree in pedagogy and several years as a teacher, Kilgore enrolled in the UM Law School. How long did it take for him to earn a bachelor's degree?
After a bachelor's and master's degree in pedagogy and several years as a teacher, Kilgore enrolled in the UM Law School. How long did it take for him to earn a bachelor's degree?
After a bachelor's and master's degree in pedagogy and several years as a teacher, Kilgore enrolled in the UM Law School. How long did it take for him to earn a bachelor's degree?
After a bachelor's and master's degree in pedagogy and several years as a teacher, Kilgore enrolled in the UM Law School. How long did it take for him to earn a bachelor's degree?
After a bachelor's and master's degree in pedagogy and several years as a teacher, Kilgore enrolled in the UM Law School. How long did it take for him to earn a bachelor's degree?
After a bachelor's and master's degree in pedagogy and several years as a teacher, Kilgore enrolled in the UM Law School. How long did it take for him to earn a bachelor's degree?
After a bachelor's and master's degree in pedagogy and several years as a teacher, Kilgore enrolled in the UM Law School. How long did it take for him to earn a bachelor's degree?
After a bachelor's and master's degree in pedagogy and several years as a teacher, Kilgore enrolled in the UM Law School. How long did it take for him to earn a bachelor's degree?
After a bachelor's and master's degree in pedagogy and several years as a teacher, Kilgore enrolled in the UM Law School. How long did it take for him to earn a bachelor's degree?
By 1930, raw material production had tripled compared to 1900, industrial goods had increased twelve-fold, and heavy industry was galloping to maturity. How many times a year were new production facilities opened?
By 1930, raw material production had tripled compared to 1900, industrial goods had increased twelve-fold, and heavy industry was galloping to maturity. How many times a year were new production facilities opened?
By 1930, raw material production had tripled compared to 1900, industrial goods had increased twelve-fold, and heavy industry was galloping to maturity. How many times a year were new production facilities opened?
By 1930, raw material production had tripled compared to 1900, industrial goods had increased twelve-fold, and heavy industry was galloping to maturity. How many times a year were new production facilities opened?
By 1930, raw material production had tripled compared to 1900, industrial goods had increased twelve-fold, and heavy industry was galloping to maturity. At what time of day was production taking place?
By 1930, raw material production had tripled compared to 1900, industrial goods had increased twelve-fold, and heavy industry was galloping to maturity. At what time of day was production taking place?
By 1930, raw material production had tripled compared to 1900, industrial goods had increased twelve-fold, and heavy industry was galloping to maturity. At what time of day was production taking place?
By 1930, raw material production had tripled compared to 1900, industrial goods had increased twelve-fold, and heavy industry was galloping to maturity. At what time of day was production taking place?
By 1930, raw material production had tripled compared to 1900, industrial goods had increased twelve-fold, and heavy industry was galloping to maturity. At what time of day was production taking place?
By 1930, raw material production had tripled compared to 1900, industrial goods had increased twelve-fold, and heavy industry was galloping to maturity. At what time of day was production taking place?
By 1930, raw material production had tripled compared to 1900, industrial goods had increased twelve-fold, and heavy industry was galloping to maturity. At what time of day was production taking place?
By 1930, raw material production had tripled compared to 1900, industrial goods had increased twelve-fold, and heavy industry was galloping to maturity. At what time of day was production taking place?
By 1930, raw material production had tripled compared to 1900, industrial goods had increased twelve-fold, and heavy industry was galloping to maturity. At what time of day was production taking place?
By 1930, raw material production had tripled compared to 1900, industrial goods had increased twelve-fold, and heavy industry was galloping to maturity. At what time of day was production taking place?
By 1930, raw material production had tripled compared to 1900, industrial goods had increased twelve-fold, and heavy industry was galloping to maturity. At what time of day was production taking place?
By 1930, raw material production had tripled compared to 1900, industrial goods had increased twelve-fold, and heavy industry was galloping to maturity. At what time of day was production taking place?
By 1930, raw material production had tripled compared to 1900, industrial goods had increased twelve-fold, and heavy industry was galloping to maturity. At what time of day was production taking place?
By 1930, raw material production had tripled compared to 1900, industrial goods had increased twelve-fold, and heavy industry was galloping to maturity. At what time of day was production taking place?
By 1930, raw material production had tripled compared to 1900, industrial goods had increased twelve-fold, and heavy industry was galloping to maturity. At what time of day was production taking place?
By 1930, raw material production had tripled compared to 1900, industrial goods had increased twelve-fold, and heavy industry was galloping to maturity. At what time of day was production taking place?
By 1930, raw material production had tripled compared to 1900, industrial goods had increased twelve-fold, and heavy industry was galloping to maturity. What happened after raw material production had increased?
By 1930, raw material production had tripled compared to 1900, industrial goods had increased twelve-fold, and heavy industry was galloping to maturity. What happened after raw material production had increased?
By 1930, raw material production had tripled compared to 1900, industrial goods had increased twelve-fold, and heavy industry was galloping to maturity. What happened after raw material production had increased?
By 1930, raw material production had tripled compared to 1900, industrial goods had increased twelve-fold, and heavy industry was galloping to maturity. What happened after raw material production had increased?
By 1930, raw material production had tripled compared to 1900, industrial goods had increased twelve-fold, and heavy industry was galloping to maturity. What happened after raw material production had increased?
By 1930, raw material production had tripled compared to 1900, industrial goods had increased twelve-fold, and heavy industry was galloping to maturity. What happened after raw material production had increased?
By 1930, raw material production had tripled compared to 1900, industrial goods had increased twelve-fold, and heavy industry was galloping to maturity. What happened after raw material production had increased?
By 1930, raw material production had tripled compared to 1900, industrial goods had increased twelve-fold, and heavy industry was galloping to maturity. What happened after raw material production had increased?
By 1930, raw material production had tripled compared to 1900, industrial goods had increased twelve-fold, and heavy industry was galloping to maturity. What happened after raw material production had increased?
By 1930, raw material production had tripled compared to 1900, industrial goods had increased twelve-fold, and heavy industry was galloping to maturity. What happened after raw material production had increased?
By 1930, raw material production had tripled compared to 1900, industrial goods had increased twelve-fold, and heavy industry was galloping to maturity. What happened after raw material production had increased?
By 1930, raw material production had tripled compared to 1900, industrial goods had increased twelve-fold, and heavy industry was galloping to maturity. What happened after raw material production had increased?
By 1930, raw material production had tripled compared to 1900, industrial goods had increased twelve-fold, and heavy industry was galloping to maturity. What happened after raw material production had increased?
By 1930, raw material production had tripled compared to 1900, industrial goods had increased twelve-fold, and heavy industry was galloping to maturity. What happened after raw material production had increased?
By 1930, raw material production had tripled compared to 1900, industrial goods had increased twelve-fold, and heavy industry was galloping to maturity. How many years did it take for raw material production to double?
By 1930, raw material production had tripled compared to 1900, industrial goods had increased twelve-fold, and heavy industry was galloping to maturity. How many years did it take for raw material production to double?
By 1930, raw material production had tripled compared to 1900, industrial goods had increased twelve-fold, and heavy industry was galloping to maturity. How many years did it take for raw material production to double?
By 1930, raw material production had tripled compared to 1900, industrial goods had increased twelve-fold, and heavy industry was galloping to maturity. How many years did it take for raw material production to double?
By 1930, raw material production had tripled compared to 1900, industrial goods had increased twelve-fold, and heavy industry was galloping to maturity. How many years did it take for raw material production to double?
By 1930, raw material production had tripled compared to 1900, industrial goods had increased twelve-fold, and heavy industry was galloping to maturity. How many years did it take for raw material production to double?
By 1930, raw material production had tripled compared to 1900, industrial goods had increased twelve-fold, and heavy industry was galloping to maturity. How many years did it take for raw material production to double?
By 1930, raw material production had tripled compared to 1900, industrial goods had increased twelve-fold, and heavy industry was galloping to maturity. How many years did it take for raw material production to double?
and jumped up and down on the side path, trying to get him to see her.
and jumped up and down the side road to get him to see her. How many days did he try to show her to him?
and jumped up and down the side road to get him to see her. How many days did he try to show her to him?
and jumped up and down the side road to get him to see her. How many days did he try to show her to him?
and jumped up and down the side road to get him to see her. How many days did he try to show her to him?
and jumped up and down the side road to get him to see her. How many days did he try to show her to him?
and jumped up and down the side road to get him to see her. How many days did he try to show her to him?
and jumped up and down the side road to get him to see her. How many days did he try to show her to him?
and jumped up and down the side road to get him to see her. How many days did he try to show her to him?
and jumped up and down the side road to get him to see her. How many days did he try to show her to him?
and jumped up and down the side road to get him to see her. How many days did he try to show her to him?
and jumped up and down the side road to get him to see her. How many days did he try to show her to him?
and jumped up and down on the sidewalk to get him to see her. How long did he jump on the sidewalk?
and jumped up and down on the sidewalk to get him to see her. How long did he jump on the sidewalk?
and jumped up and down on the sidewalk to get him to see her. How long did he jump on the sidewalk?
and jumped up and down on the sidewalk to get him to see her. How long did he jump on the sidewalk?
and jumped up and down on the sidewalk to get him to see her. How long did he jump on the sidewalk?
and jumped up and down on the sidewalk to get him to see her. How long did he jump on the sidewalk?
and jumped up and down on the sidewalk to get him to see her. How long did he jump on the sidewalk?
and jumped up and down on the sidewalk to get him to see her. At what point did he jump on the sidewalk?
and jumped up and down on the sidewalk to get him to see her. At what point did he jump on the sidewalk?
and jumped up and down on the sidewalk to get him to see her. At what point did he jump on the sidewalk?
and jumped up and down on the sidewalk to get him to see her. At what point did he jump on the sidewalk?
and jumped up and down on the sidewalk to get him to see her. At what point did he jump on the sidewalk?
and jumped up and down on the sidewalk to get him to see her. At what point did he jump on the sidewalk?
and jumped up and down on the sidewalk to get him to see her. At what point did he jump on the sidewalk?
and jumped up and down on the sidewalk to get him to see her. At what point did he jump on the sidewalk?
Durer rejected Alberti's concept of objective beauty and proposed a relativistic notion of beauty based on diversity. How long did it take Alberti to shape his concept of objective beauty?
Durer rejected Alberti's concept of objective beauty and proposed a relativistic notion of beauty based on diversity. How long did it take Alberti to shape his concept of objective beauty?
Durer rejected Alberti's concept of objective beauty and proposed a relativistic notion of beauty based on diversity. How long did it take Alberti to shape his concept of objective beauty?
Durer rejected Alberti's concept of objective beauty and proposed a relativistic notion of beauty based on diversity. How long did it take Alberti to shape his concept of objective beauty?
Durer rejected Alberti's concept of objective beauty and proposed a relativistic notion of beauty based on diversity. How long did it take Alberti to shape his concept of objective beauty?
Durer rejected Alberti's concept of objective beauty and proposed a relativistic notion of beauty based on diversity. How long did it take Alberti to shape his concept of objective beauty?
Durer rejected Alberti's concept of objective beauty and proposed a relativistic notion of beauty based on diversity. How long did it take Alberti to shape his concept of objective beauty?
Durer rejected Alberti's concept of objective beauty and proposed a relativistic notion of beauty based on diversity. How long did it take Alberti to shape his concept of objective beauty?
Durer rejected Alberti's concept of objective beauty and proposed a relativistic notion of beauty based on diversity. How long did it take Alberti to shape his concept of objective beauty?
Durer rejected Alberti's concept of objective beauty and proposed a relativistic notion of beauty based on diversity. How long did it take Alberti to shape his concept of objective beauty?
Durer rejected Alberti's concept of objective beauty and proposed a relativistic notion of beauty based on diversity. How long did it take Alberti to shape his concept of objective beauty?
Durer rejected Alberti's concept of objective beauty and proposed a relativistic notion of beauty based on diversity. How long did it take Alberti to shape his concept of objective beauty?
Durer rejected Alberti's concept of objective beauty and proposed a relativistic notion of beauty based on diversity. What happened after Durer rejected Alberti's concept?
Durer rejected Alberti's concept of objective beauty and proposed a relativistic notion of beauty based on diversity. What happened after Durer rejected Alberti's concept?
Durer rejected Alberti's concept of objective beauty and proposed a relativistic notion of beauty based on diversity.
Durer rejected Alberti's concept of objective beauty and proposed a relativistic concept of beauty based on diversity. How often are philosophical concepts rejected?
Durer rejected Alberti's concept of objective beauty and proposed a relativistic concept of beauty based on diversity. How often are philosophical concepts rejected?
Durer rejected Alberti's concept of objective beauty and proposed a relativistic concept of beauty based on diversity. How often are philosophical concepts rejected?
Durer rejected Alberti's concept of objective beauty and proposed a relativistic concept of beauty based on diversity. How often are philosophical concepts rejected?
Durer rejected Alberti's concept of objective beauty and proposed a relativistic concept of beauty based on diversity. How often are philosophical concepts rejected?
Durer rejected Alberti's concept of objective beauty and proposed a relativistic concept of beauty based on diversity. How often are philosophical concepts rejected?
Durer rejected Alberti's concept of objective beauty and proposed a relativistic concept of beauty based on diversity. How often are philosophical concepts rejected?
Durer rejected Alberti's concept of objective beauty and proposed a relativistic concept of beauty based on diversity. How often are philosophical concepts rejected?
Durer rejected Alberti's concept of objective beauty and proposed a relativistic concept of beauty based on diversity. How often are philosophical concepts rejected?
Durer rejected Alberti's concept of objective beauty and proposed a relativistic concept of beauty based on diversity. How often are philosophical concepts rejected?
Durer rejected Alberti's concept of objective beauty and proposed a relativistic concept of beauty based on diversity. How often are philosophical concepts rejected?
Durer rejected Alberti's concept of objective beauty and proposed a relativistic concept of beauty based on diversity. How often are philosophical concepts rejected?
Durer rejected Alberti's concept of objective beauty and proposed a relativistic notion of beauty based on diversity.
He recalled that the Taliban had discovered a Predator in the autumn of 2000 and were combing through their MiG warplanes.
He recalled that the Taliban had discovered a Predator in the autumn of 2000 and were combing through their MiG warplanes.
He recalled that the Taliban had discovered a Predator in the autumn of 2000 and were combing through their MiG warplanes.
He recalled that the Taliban had discovered a Predator in the autumn of 2000 and were combing through their MiG warplanes.
He recalled that the Taliban had discovered a Predator in the autumn of 2000 and were combing through their MiG warplanes.
He recalled that in autumn 2000 the Taliban had discovered a Predator and searched their MiG fighter planes. How long did it take to assemble the MiG fighters?
He recalled that in autumn 2000 the Taliban had discovered a Predator and searched their MiG fighter planes. How long did it take to assemble the MiG fighters?
He recalled that in autumn 2000 the Taliban had discovered a Predator and searched their MiG fighter planes. How long did it take to assemble the MiG fighters?
He recalled that in autumn 2000 the Taliban had discovered a Predator and searched their MiG fighter planes. How long did it take to assemble the MiG fighters?
He recalled that the Taliban had discovered a Predator in autumn 2000 and had crowded their MiG fighters together. Are the MiG fighters still assembled?
He recalled that the Taliban had discovered a Predator in autumn 2000 and had crowded their MiG fighters together. Are the MiG fighters still assembled?
He recalled that the Taliban had discovered a Predator in autumn 2000 and had crowded their MiG fighters together. Are the MiG fighters still assembled?
He recalled that the Taliban had discovered a Predator in autumn 2000 and had crowded their MiG fighters together. Are the MiG fighters still assembled?
Lgurio tells Callimaco that Nicia and Lucrezia are desperate to have a child. Did they want children when they were younger?
Lgurio tells Callimaco that Nicia and Lucrezia are desperate to have a child. Did they want children when they were younger?
Lgurio tells Callimaco that Nicia and Lucrezia are desperate to have a child. Did they want children when they were younger?
Lgurio tells Callimaco that Nicia and Lucrezia are desperate to have a child. Did they want children when they were younger?
Lgurio tells Callimaco that Nicia and Lucrezia are afraid to have a child.
Lgurio tells Callimaco that Nicia and Lucrezia are afraid to have a child.
Lgurio tells Callimaco that Nicia and Lucrezia are afraid to have a child.
Lgurio tells Callimaco that Nicia and Lucrezia are afraid to have a child.
Lgurio tells Callimaco that Nicia and Lucrezia are afraid to have a child.
Lgurio tells Callimaco that Nicia and Lucrezia are afraid to have a child.
Lgurio tells Callimaco that Nicia and Lucrezia are afraid to have a child.
Lgurio tells Callimaco that Nicia and Lucrezia are afraid to have a child.
Lgurio tells Callimaco that Nicia and Lucrezia are afraid to have a child.
Lgurio informs Callimaco that Nicia and Lucrezia are desperate to have a child. What happened after Lgurio informed Callimaco of her wishes?
Lgurio informs Callimaco that Nicia and Lucrezia are desperate to have a child. What happened after Lgurio informed Callimaco of her wishes?
Lgurio tells Callimaco that Nicia and Lucrezia are desperate to have a child. How often do Nicia and Lucrezia express their desire to have children?
Lgurio tells Callimaco that Nicia and Lucrezia are desperate to have a child. How often do Nicia and Lucrezia express their desire to have children?
Lgurio tells Callimaco that Nicia and Lucrezia are desperate to have a child. How often do Nicia and Lucrezia express their desire to have children?
Lgurio tells Callimaco that Nicia and Lucrezia are desperate to have a child. How often do Nicia and Lucrezia express their desire to have children?
Lgurio tells Callimaco that Nicia and Lucrezia are desperate to have a child. How often do Nicia and Lucrezia express their desire to have children?
Lgurio tells Callimaco that Nicia and Lucrezia are desperate to have a child. How often do Nicia and Lucrezia express their desire to have children?
Lgurio tells Callimaco that Nicia and Lucrezia are desperate to have a child. How often do Nicia and Lucrezia express their desire to have children?
Lgurio tells Callimaco that Nicia and Lucrezia are desperate to have a child. How often do Nicia and Lucrezia express their desire to have children?
Lgurio tells Callimaco that Nicia and Lucrezia are desperate to have a child. How often do Nicia and Lucrezia express their desire to have children?
Lgurio tells Callimaco that Nicia and Lucrezia are desperate to have a child. How often do Nicia and Lucrezia express their desire to have children?
Lgurio tells Callimaco that Nicia and Lucrezia are desperate to have a child. How often do Nicia and Lucrezia express their desire to have children?
Lgurio tells Callimaco that Nicia and Lucrezia are desperate to have a child. How often do Nicia and Lucrezia express their desire to have children?
Lgurio tells Callimaco that Nicia and Lucrezia are desperate to have a child. How often do Nicia and Lucrezia express their desire to have children?
Lgurio informs Callimaco that Nicia and Lucrezia want to have a child. When did Lgurio inform Callimaco?
Lgurio informs Callimaco that Nicia and Lucrezia want to have a child. When did Lgurio inform Callimaco?
Lgurio informs Callimaco that Nicia and Lucrezia want to have a child. When did Lgurio inform Callimaco?
Lgurio informs Callimaco that Nicia and Lucrezia want to have a child. When did Lgurio inform Callimaco?
Lgurio informs Callimaco that Nicia and Lucrezia want to have a child. When did Lgurio inform Callimaco?
Lgurio informs Callimaco that Nicia and Lucrezia want to have a child. When did Lgurio inform Callimaco?
He ran around the pond and barked at the ducks. Is he still barking at the ducks?
He ran around the pond and barked at the ducks. Is he still barking at the ducks?
He ran around the pond and barked at the ducks. Is he still barking at the ducks?
He ran around the pond and barked at the ducks. Is he still barking at the ducks?
He ran around the pond and barked at the ducks. How often does he bark at ducks?
He ran around the pond and barked at the ducks. How often does he bark at ducks?
He ran around the pond and barked at the ducks. How often does he bark at ducks?
He ran around the pond and barked at the ducks. How often does he bark at ducks?
He ran around the pond and barked at the ducks. How often does he bark at ducks?
He ran around the pond and barked at the ducks. How often does he bark at ducks?
He ran around the pond and barked at the ducks. How often does he bark at ducks?
He ran around the pond and barked at the ducks. How often does he bark at ducks?
He ran around the pond and barked at the ducks. How often does he bark at ducks?
He ran around the pond and barked at the ducks. How often does he bark at ducks?
He ran around the pond and barked at the ducks. How long did he bark at the ducks?
He ran around the pond and barked at the ducks. How long did he bark at the ducks?
He ran around the pond and barked at the ducks. How long did he bark at the ducks?
He ran around the pond and barked at the ducks. How long did he bark at the ducks?
He ran around the pond and barked at the ducks. How long did he bark at the ducks?
He ran around the pond and barked at the ducks. How long did he bark at the ducks?
He ran around the pond and barked at the ducks. How long did he bark at the ducks?
He ran around the pond and barked at the ducks. How long did he bark at the ducks?
He ran around the pond and barked at the ducks. How long did he bark at the ducks?
He ran around the pond and barked at the ducks. How long did he bark at the ducks?
He ran around the pond and barked at the ducks. How long did he bark at the ducks?
He ran around the pond and barked at the ducks. How long did he bark at the ducks?
He ran around the pond and barked at the ducks. What did he do after he barked at the ducks?
He ran around the pond and barked at the ducks. What did he do after he barked at the ducks?
He ran around the pond and barked at the ducks. What did he do after he barked at the ducks?
He ran around the pond and barked at the ducks. When did he bark at the ducks?
He ran around the pond and barked at the ducks. When did he bark at the ducks?
He ran around the pond and barked at the ducks. When did he bark at the ducks?
He ran around the pond and barked at the ducks. When did he bark at the ducks?
It lasted well into the night until the elderberry ball had sunk into the waiting hands of the willow, which was constantly rising into the sky.
It lasted well into the night until the elderberry ball had sunk into the waiting hands of the willow, which was constantly rising into the sky.
It lasted well into the night until the elderberry ball had sunk into the waiting hands of the willow, which was constantly rising into the sky.
It lasted well into the night until the elderberry ball had sunk into the waiting hands of the willow, which was constantly rising into the sky.
It lasted well into the night until the elderberry ball had sunk into the waiting hands of the willow, which was constantly rising into the sky.
It lasted well into the night until the elderberry ball had sunk into the waiting hands of the willow, which was constantly rising into the sky.
It lasted well into the night until the elderberry ball had sunk into the waiting hands of the willow, which was constantly rising into the sky.
He continued until deep into the night, until the elderberry ball had sunk into the waiting hands of the willow, which was constantly rising skyward.
He continued until deep into the night, until the elderberry ball had sunk into the waiting hands of the willow, which was constantly rising skyward.
Zarco and Teixeira were appointed assessors of Madeira, Perestrelo received the prize of Porto Santo. - When did the ceremony take place?
Zarco and Teixeira were appointed assessors of Madeira, Perestrelo received the prize of Porto Santo. - When did the ceremony take place?
Zarco and Teixeira were appointed assessors of Madeira, Perestrelo received the prize of Porto Santo. - When did the ceremony take place?
Zarco and Teixeira were appointed assessors of Madeira, Perestrelo received the prize of Porto Santo. - When did the ceremony take place?
Zarco and Teixeira were appointed assessors of Madeira, Perestrelo received the prize of Porto Santo. - When did the ceremony take place?
Zarco and Teixeira were appointed assessors of Madeira, Perestrelo received the prize of Porto Santo. - When did the ceremony take place?
Zarco and Teixeira were appointed co-governors of Madeira and Perestrelo was awarded the contract for Porto Santo.
Zarco and Teixeira were appointed co-governors of Madeira and Perestrelo was awarded the contract for Porto Santo.
Zarco and Teixeira were appointed co-governors of Madeira and Perestrelo was awarded the contract for Porto Santo.
Zarco and Teixeira were appointed co-governors of Madeira and Perestrelo was awarded the contract for Porto Santo.
Zarco and Teixeira were appointed co-governors of Madeira and Perestrelo was awarded the contract for Porto Santo.
Zarco and Teixeira were appointed co-governors of Madeira and Perestrelo was awarded the contract for Porto Santo.
Zarco and Teixeira were appointed co-governors of Madeira and Perestrelo was awarded the contract for Porto Santo.
Zarco and Teixeira were appointed co-governors of Madeira and Perestrelo was awarded the contract for Porto Santo.
Zarco and Teixeira were appointed co-governors of Madeira and Perestrelo was awarded the contract for Porto Santo.
Zarco and Teixeira were appointed co-governors of Madeira and Perestrelo was awarded the contract for Porto Santo.
Zarco and Teixeira were appointed co-governors of Madeira and Perestrelo was awarded the contract for Porto Santo.
Zarco and Teixeira were appointed co-governors of Madeira, Perestrelo was awarded the contract for Porto Santo. How long were Zarco and Teixeira co-governors?
Zarco and Teixeira were appointed co-governors of Madeira, Perestrelo was awarded the contract for Porto Santo. How long were Zarco and Teixeira co-governors?
Zarco and Teixeira were appointed co-governors of Madeira, Perestrelo was awarded the contract for Porto Santo. How long were Zarco and Teixeira co-governors?
Zarco and Teixeira were appointed co-governors of Madeira, Perestrelo was awarded the contract for Porto Santo. How long were Zarco and Teixeira co-governors?
Zarco and Teixeira were appointed co-governors of Madeira, Perestrelo was awarded the contract for Porto Santo. How long were Zarco and Teixeira co-governors?
Zarco and Teixeira were appointed co-governors of Madeira, Perestrelo was awarded the contract for Porto Santo. How long were Zarco and Teixeira co-governors?
Zarco and Teixeira were appointed co-governors of Madeira, Perestrelo was awarded the contract for Porto Santo. How long were Zarco and Teixeira co-governors?
Zarco and Teixeira were appointed co-governors of Madeira, Perestrelo was awarded the contract for Porto Santo. How long were Zarco and Teixeira co-governors?
Zarco and Teixeira were appointed co-governors of Madeira, Perestrelo was awarded the contract for Porto Santo. How long were Zarco and Teixeira co-governors?
Zarco and Teixeira were appointed co-governors of Madeira, Perestrelo was awarded the contract for Porto Santo. How long were Zarco and Teixeira co-governors?
Zarco and Teixeira were appointed co-governors of Madeira, Perestrelo was awarded the contract for Porto Santo. How long were Zarco and Teixeira co-governors?
Zarco and Teixeira were appointed co-governors of Madeira, Perestrelo was awarded the contract for Porto Santo. How long were Zarco and Teixeira co-governors?
Zarco and Teixeira were appointed co-governors of Madeira, Perestrelo was awarded the contract for Porto Santo. How long were Zarco and Teixeira co-governors?
Zarco and Teixeira were appointed co-governors of Madeira, Perestrelo was awarded the contract for Porto Santo. How long were Zarco and Teixeira co-governors?
Zarco and Teixeira were appointed co-governors of Madeira, Perestrelo was awarded the contract for Porto Santo. How long were Zarco and Teixeira co-governors?
Zarco and Teixeira were appointed co-governors of Madeira, Perestrelo was awarded the contract for Porto Santo. How long were Zarco and Teixeira co-governors?
Zarco and Teixeira were appointed assessors of Madeira, while Perestrelo won the contract for Porto Santo.
Zarco and Teixeira were appointed assessors of Madeira, while Perestrelo won the contract for Porto Santo.
Zarco and Teixeira were appointed assessors of Madeira, while Perestrelo won the contract for Porto Santo.
Zarco and Teixeira were appointed assessors of Madeira, while Perestrelo won the contract for Porto Santo.
Zarco and Teixeira were appointed assessors of Madeira, while Perestrelo won the contract for Porto Santo.
Zarco and Teixeira were appointed assessors of Madeira, while Perestrelo won the contract for Porto Santo.
Zarco and Teixeira were appointed assessors of Madeira, while Perestrelo won the contract for Porto Santo.
Zarco and Teixeira were appointed assessors of Madeira, while Perestrelo won the contract for Porto Santo.
Zarco and Teixeira were appointed assessors of Madeira, while Perestrelo won the contract for Porto Santo.
Zarco and Teixeira were appointed assessors of Madeira, while Perestrelo won the contract for Porto Santo.
For example, solar panels on the roof of this house generate enough electricity to meet a family's needs.
For example, solar panels on the roof of this house generate enough electricity to meet a family's needs.
For example, solar panels on the roof of this house generate enough electricity to meet a family's needs.
For example, solar panels on the roof of this house generate enough electricity to meet a family's needs.
For example, solar panels on the roof of this house generate enough electricity to meet a family's needs.
For example, solar panels on the roof of this house generate enough electricity to meet a family's needs.
For example, solar panels on the roof of this house generate enough electricity to meet a family's needs.
For example, solar panels on the roof of this house generate enough electricity to meet a family's needs.
For example, solar panels on the roof of this house generate enough electricity to meet a family's needs.
For example, solar panels on the roof of this house generate enough electricity to meet a family's needs.
For example, solar panels on the roof of this house generate enough electricity to meet a family's needs.
For example, solar panels on the roof of this house generate enough electricity to meet a family's needs.
For example, solar panels on the roof of this house generate enough electricity to meet the needs of a family. Will the solar panels always generate electricity?
For example, solar panels on the roof of this house generate enough electricity to meet the needs of a family. Will the solar panels always generate electricity?
Estimates of his date of birth vary by well over a century. What time was he born?
Estimates of his date of birth vary by well over a century. What time was he born?
Estimates of his date of birth vary by well over a century. What time was he born?
Estimates of his date of birth vary by well over a century. What time was he born?
Estimates of his date of birth vary by well over a century. What time was he born?
Estimates of his date of birth vary by well over a century. What time was he born?
Estimates of his date of birth vary by well over a century. What time was he born?
Estimates of his date of birth vary by well over a century. What time was he born?
Estimates of his date of birth vary by well over a century. What time was he born?
Estimates of his birth date vary by well over a century. How long did it take for him to be born?
Estimates of his birth date vary by well over a century. How long did it take for him to be born?
Estimates of his birth date vary by well over a century. How long did it take for him to be born?
Estimates of his birth date vary by well over a century. How long did it take for him to be born?
Estimates of his birth date vary by well over a century. How long did it take for him to be born?
Estimates of his birth date vary by well over a century. How long did it take for him to be born?
Estimates of his birth date vary by well over a century. How long did it take for him to be born?
Estimates of his birth date vary by well over a century. How long did it take for him to be born?
Estimates of his birth date vary by well over a century. How long did it take for him to be born?
Estimates of his date of birth vary by well over a century. What happened after his birth?
Estimates of his date of birth vary by well over a century. What happened after his birth?
Estimates of his date of birth vary by well over a century. What happened after his birth?
Estimates of his date of birth vary by well over a century. How many times was he born?
Estimates of his date of birth vary by well over a century. How many times was he born?
Estimates of his date of birth vary by well over a century. How many times was he born?
Estimates of his date of birth vary by well over a century. How many times was he born?
Estimates of his date of birth vary by well over a century. How many times was he born?
Estimates of his date of birth vary by well over a century. How many times was he born?
Estimates of his date of birth vary by well over a century. How many times was he born?
The Portuguese crown, pleased with its first important discovery, immediately began a colonization program. What happened after the Portuguese tried to colonize the new territory?
The Portuguese crown, pleased with its first important discovery, immediately began a colonization program. What happened after the Portuguese tried to colonize the new territory?
The Portuguese crown, pleased with its first important discovery, immediately began a colonization program. What happened after the Portuguese tried to colonize the new territory?
The Portuguese crown, pleased with its first important discovery, immediately began a colonization program. What happened after the Portuguese tried to colonize the new territory?
The Portuguese crown, delighted with its first important discovery, immediately began a colonization program. How long did it take the Portuguese to colonize the new territory?
The Portuguese crown, delighted with its first important discovery, immediately began a colonization program. How long did it take the Portuguese to colonize the new territory?
The Portuguese crown, delighted with its first important discovery, immediately began a colonization program. How long did it take the Portuguese to colonize the new territory?
The Portuguese crown, delighted with its first important discovery, immediately began a colonization program. How long did it take the Portuguese to colonize the new territory?
The Portuguese crown, delighted with its first important discovery, immediately began a colonization program. How long did it take the Portuguese to colonize the new territory?
The Portuguese crown, delighted with its first important discovery, immediately began a colonization program. How long did it take the Portuguese to colonize the new territory?
The Portuguese crown, delighted with its first important discovery, immediately began a colonization program. How long did it take the Portuguese to colonize the new territory?
The Portuguese crown, delighted with its first important discovery, immediately began a colonization program. How long did it take the Portuguese to colonize the new territory?
The Portuguese crown, delighted with its first important discovery, immediately began a colonization program. How long did it take the Portuguese to colonize the new territory?
The Portuguese crown, delighted with its first important discovery, immediately began a colonization program. How long did it take the Portuguese to colonize the new territory?
The Portuguese crown, delighted with its first important discovery, immediately began a colonization program. How long did it take the Portuguese to colonize the new territory?
The Portuguese crown, delighted with its first important discovery, immediately began a colonization program. How long did it take the Portuguese to colonize the new territory?
The Portuguese crown, delighted with its first important discovery, immediately began a colonization program. How long did it take the Portuguese to colonize the new territory?
The Portuguese crown, delighted with its first important discovery, immediately began a colonization program. How long did it take the Portuguese to colonize the new territory?
The Portuguese crown, delighted with its first important discovery, immediately began a colonization program. How long did it take the Portuguese to colonize the new territory?
The Portuguese crown, delighted with its first significant discovery, immediately began a colonization program. Do the original colonies still exist?
The Portuguese crown, pleased with its first important discovery, immediately began a colonization program. How often did the Portuguese send new settlers to the colonies?
The Portuguese crown, pleased with its first important discovery, immediately began a colonization program. How often did the Portuguese send new settlers to the colonies?
The Portuguese crown, pleased with its first important discovery, immediately began a colonization program. How often did the Portuguese send new settlers to the colonies?
The Portuguese crown, pleased with its first important discovery, immediately began a colonization program. How often did the Portuguese send new settlers to the colonies?
The Portuguese crown, pleased with its first important discovery, immediately began a colonization program. How often did the Portuguese send new settlers to the colonies?
The Portuguese crown, pleased with its first important discovery, immediately began a colonization program. How often did the Portuguese send new settlers to the colonies?
The Portuguese crown, pleased with its first important discovery, immediately began a colonization program. How often did the Portuguese send new settlers to the colonies?
The Portuguese crown, pleased with its first important discovery, immediately began a colonization program. How often did the Portuguese send new settlers to the colonies?
The Portuguese crown, pleased with its first important discovery, immediately began a colonization program. How often did the Portuguese send new settlers to the colonies?
The Portuguese crown, pleased with its first important discovery, immediately began a colonization program. How often did the Portuguese send new settlers to the colonies?
The Portuguese crown, pleased with its first important discovery, immediately began a colonization program. How often did the Portuguese send new settlers to the colonies?
The Portuguese crown, pleased with its first important discovery, immediately began a colonization program. How often did the Portuguese send new settlers to the colonies?
The Portuguese crown, pleased with its first important discovery, immediately began a colonization program. How often did the Portuguese send new settlers to the colonies?
The Portuguese Crown, pleased with its first important discovery, immediately began a colonization program. In what year did the Portuguese make the first attempt to colonize the new territory?
The Portuguese Crown, pleased with its first important discovery, immediately began a colonization program. In what year did the Portuguese make the first attempt to colonize the new territory?
The Portuguese Crown, pleased with its first important discovery, immediately began a colonization program. In what year did the Portuguese make the first attempt to colonize the new territory?
Spontini, whose best operas were based on the life of that unmarried divorce enthusiast John Milton, married a member of the Erard family. When did Milton marry?
Spontini, whose best operas were based on the life of that unmarried divorce enthusiast John Milton, married a member of the Erard family. When did Milton marry?
Spontini, whose best operas were based on the life of that unmarried divorce enthusiast John Milton, married a member of the Erard family. When did Milton marry?
Spontini, whose best operas were based on the life of that unmarried divorce enthusiast John Milton, married a member of the Erard family. When did Milton marry?
Spontini, whose best operas were based on the life of that unmarried divorce enthusiast John Milton, married a member of the Erard family. When did Milton marry?
Spontini, whose best operas were based on the life of that unmarried divorce enthusiast John Milton, married a member of the Erard family. When did Milton marry?
Spontini, whose best operas were based on the life of that unmarried divorce enthusiast John Milton, married a member of the Erard family. When did Milton marry?
Spontini, whose best operas were based on the life of that unmarried divorce enthusiast John Milton, married a member of the Erard family. When did Milton marry?
Spontini, whose best operas were based on the life of that unmarried divorce enthusiast John Milton, married a member of the Erard family. When did Milton marry?
Spontini, whose best operas were based on the life of that unmarried divorce enthusiast John Milton, married a member of the Erard family. When did Milton marry?
Spontini, whose best operas were based on the life of that unmarried divorce enthusiast John Milton, married a member of the Erard family. When did Milton marry?
Spontini, whose best operas were based on the life of that unmarried divorce enthusiast John Milton, married a member of the Erard family. When did Milton marry?
Spontini, whose best operas were based on the life of that unmarried divorce enthusiast John Milton, married a member of the Erard family. When did Milton marry?
Spontini, whose best operas were based on the life of that unmarried divorce enthusiast John Milton, married a member of the Erard family. How long was Milton married?
Spontini, whose best operas were based on the life of that unmarried divorce enthusiast John Milton, married a member of the Erard family. How long was Milton married?
Spontini, whose best operas were based on the life of that unmarried divorce enthusiast John Milton, married a member of the Erard family. How long was Milton married?
Spontini, whose best operas were based on the life of that unmarried divorce enthusiast John Milton, married a member of the Erard family. How long was Milton married?
Spontini, whose best operas were based on the life of that unmarried divorce enthusiast John Milton, married a member of the Erard family. How long was Milton married?
Spontini, whose best operas were based on the life of that unmarried divorce enthusiast John Milton, married a member of the Erard family. How long was Milton married?
Spontini, whose best operas were based on the life of that unmarried divorce enthusiast John Milton, married a member of the Erard family. How long was Milton married?
Spontini, whose best operas were based on the life of that unmarried divorce enthusiast John Milton, married a member of the Erard family. How long was Milton married?
Spontini, whose best operas were based on the life of that unmarried divorce enthusiast John Milton, married a member of the Erard family. How long was Milton married?
Spontini, whose best operas were based on the life of that unmarried divorce enthusiast John Milton, married a member of the Erard family. How long was Milton married?
Spontini, whose best operas were based on the life of that unmarried divorce enthusiast John Milton, married a member of the Erard family. How long was Milton married?
Spontini, whose best operas were based on the life of that unmarried divorce enthusiast John Milton, married a member of the Erard family. How long was Milton married?
Spontini, whose best operas were based on the life of that unmarried divorce enthusiast John Milton, married a member of the Erard family. How long was Milton married?
Spontini, whose best operas were based on the life of that unmarried divorce enthusiast John Milton, married a member of the Erard family. How long was Milton married?
Spontini, whose best operas were based on the life of that unmarried divorce enthusiast John Milton, married a member of the Erard family. How long was Milton married?
Spontini, whose best operas were based on the life of that unmarried divorce enthusiast John Milton, married a member of the Erard family. How long was Milton married?
Spontini, whose best operas were based on the life of that unmarried divorce enthusiast John Milton, married a member of the Erard family. How long was Milton married?
Spontini, whose best operas were based on the life of that unmarried divorce enthusiast John Milton, married a member of the Erard family. How long was Milton married?
Church is brought back to life, but is an evil shell of itself. What did the Church do next?
Church is brought back to life, but is an evil shell of itself. What did the Church do next?
Church is brought back to life, but is an evil shell of itself. What did the Church do next?
Church is brought back to life, but is an evil shell of itself. What did the Church do next?
Church is brought back to life, but it is an evil shell of itself. How long did it take for church to be brought back to life?
Church is brought back to life, but is an evil shell of itself. Will Church live forever?
Church is brought back to life, but is an evil shell of itself. How many times has church been brought back to life?
Church is brought back to life, but is an evil shell of itself. How many times has church been brought back to life?
Church is brought back to life, but is an evil shell of itself. How many times has church been brought back to life?
Church is brought back to life, but is an evil shell of itself. How many times has church been brought back to life?
Church is brought back to life, but is an evil shell of itself. How many times has church been brought back to life?
Church is brought back to life, but is an evil shell of itself. How many times has church been brought back to life?
Church is brought back to life, but is an evil shell of itself. At what time did Church do its worst work?
Church is brought back to life, but is an evil shell of itself. At what time did Church do its worst work?
Church is brought back to life, but is an evil shell of itself. At what time did Church do its worst work?
At current consumption, coal will last about 300 years; how many days did it take them to produce this report?
At current consumption, coal will last about 300 years; how many days did it take them to produce this report?
At current consumption, coal will last about 300 years; how many days did it take them to produce this report?
At current consumption, coal will last about 300 years; how many days did it take them to produce this report?
At current consumption, coal will last about 300 years; how many days did it take them to produce this report?
At current consumption, coal will last about 300 years; how many days did it take them to produce this report?
At current consumption, coal will last about 300 years; how many days did it take them to produce this report?
At current consumption, coal will last about 300 years; how many days did it take them to produce this report?
At current consumption, coal will last about 300 years; how many days did it take them to produce this report?
What did people do when they knew coal wouldn't last forever?
What did people do when they knew coal wouldn't last forever?
What did people do when they knew coal wouldn't last forever?
What did people do when they knew coal wouldn't last forever?
At current utilization rates, coal will last about 300 years. How often are coal reserves calculated?
At current utilization rates, coal will last about 300 years. How often are coal reserves calculated?
At current utilization rates, coal will last about 300 years. How often are coal reserves calculated?
At current utilization rates, coal will last about 300 years. How often are coal reserves calculated?
At current utilization rates, coal will last about 300 years. How often are coal reserves calculated?
At current utilization rates, coal will last about 300 years. How often are coal reserves calculated?
At current utilization rates, coal will last about 300 years. How often are coal reserves calculated?
At current utilization rates, coal will last about 300 years. How often are coal reserves calculated?
At current utilization rates, coal will last about 300 years. How often are coal reserves calculated?
At current utilization rates, coal will last about 300 years. How often are coal reserves calculated?
At current utilization rates, coal will last about 300 years. How often are coal reserves calculated?
At current utilization rates, coal will last about 300 years. How often are coal reserves calculated?
At current utilization rates, coal will last about 300 years. How often are coal reserves calculated?
At current utilization rates, coal will last about 300 years. How often are coal reserves calculated?
At current utilization rates, coal will last about 300 years. How often are coal reserves calculated?
At current utilisation rates, coal will last about 300 years. How long will coal be used for industrial purposes?
At current utilisation rates, coal will last about 300 years. How long will coal be used for industrial purposes?
At current utilisation rates, coal will last about 300 years. How long will coal be used for industrial purposes?
At current utilisation rates, coal will last about 300 years. How long will coal be used for industrial purposes?
At current utilisation rates, coal will last about 300 years. How long will coal be used for industrial purposes?
At current utilisation rates, coal will last about 300 years. How long will coal be used for industrial purposes?
At current utilisation rates, coal will last about 300 years. How long will coal be used for industrial purposes?
At current utilisation rates, coal will last about 300 years. How long will coal be used for industrial purposes?
At current utilisation rates, coal will last about 300 years. How long will coal be used for industrial purposes?
At current utilisation rates, coal will last about 300 years. How long will coal be used for industrial purposes?
At current utilisation rates, coal will last about 300 years. How long will coal be used for industrial purposes?
At current utilisation rates, coal will last about 300 years. How long will coal be used for industrial purposes?
At current utilisation rates, coal will last about 300 years. How long will coal be used for industrial purposes?
At 9: 21 a.m., she consulted the Dulles terminal control facility, and Dulles urged its controllers to look for primary targets. How many times did they have to advise Dulles that day?
At 9: 21 a.m., she consulted the Dulles terminal control facility, and Dulles urged its controllers to look for primary targets. How many times did they have to advise Dulles that day?
At 9: 21 a.m., she consulted the Dulles terminal control facility, and Dulles urged its controllers to look for primary targets. How many times did they have to advise Dulles that day?
At 9: 21 a.m., she consulted the Dulles terminal control facility, and Dulles urged its controllers to look for primary targets. How many times did they have to advise Dulles that day?
At 9: 21 a.m., she consulted the Dulles terminal control facility, and Dulles urged its controllers to look for primary targets. How many times did they have to advise Dulles that day?
At 9: 21 a.m., she consulted the Dulles terminal control facility, and Dulles urged its controllers to look for primary targets. How many times did they have to advise Dulles that day?
At 9: 21 a.m., she consulted the Dulles terminal control facility, and Dulles urged its controllers to look for primary targets. How many times did they have to advise Dulles that day?
At 9: 21 a.m., she consulted the Dulles terminal control facility, and Dulles urged its controllers to look for primary targets. How many times did they have to advise Dulles that day?
At 9: 21 a.m., she consulted the Dulles terminal control facility, and Dulles urged its controllers to look for primary targets. How many times did they have to advise Dulles that day?
At 9: 21 a.m., it consulted the Dulles terminal control facility, and Dulles urged its controllers to look for primary targets.
But the key figure in the sultanate was Tun Perak, Bendahara (prime minister) and military commander. How many speeches does Perak give per week?
But the key figure in the sultanate was Tun Perak, Bendahara (prime minister) and military commander. How many speeches does Perak give per week?
But the key figure in the sultanate was Tun Perak, Bendahara (prime minister) and military commander. How many speeches does Perak give per week?
But the key figure in the sultanate was Tun Perak, Bendahara (prime minister) and military commander. How many speeches does Perak give per week?
But the key figure in the sultanate was Tun Perak, Bendahara (prime minister) and military commander. When did Perak become prime minister?
But the key figure in the sultanate was Tun Perak, Bendahara (prime minister) and military commander. When did Perak become prime minister?
But the key figure in the sultanate was Tun Perak, Bendahara (prime minister) and military commander. When did Perak become prime minister?
But the key figure in the sultanate was Tun Perak, Bendahara (prime minister) and military commander. When did Perak become prime minister?
But the key figure in the sultanate was Tun Perak, Bendahara (prime minister) and military commander. When did Perak become prime minister?
But the key figure in the sultanate was Tun Perak, Bendahara (prime minister) and military commander. What happened after Perak was appointed prime minister?
But the key figure in the sultanate was Tun Perak, Bendahara (prime minister) and military commander. What happened after Perak was appointed prime minister?
But the key figure in the sultanate was Tun Perak, Bendahara (prime minister) and military commander. What happened after Perak was appointed prime minister?
But the key figure in the sultanate was Tun Perak, Bendahara (prime minister) and military commander. What happened after Perak was appointed prime minister?
But the key figure in the sultanate was Tun Perak, Bendahara (prime minister) and military commander. What happened after Perak was appointed prime minister?
But the key figure in the sultanate was Tun Perak, Bendahara (prime minister) and military commander. What happened after Perak was appointed prime minister?
But the key figure in the sultanate was Tun Perak, Bendahara (prime minister) and military commander. What happened after Perak was appointed prime minister?
But the key figure in the sultanate was Tun Perak, Bendahara (prime minister) and military commander. What happened after Perak was appointed prime minister?
But the key figure in the sultanate was Tun Perak, Bendahara (prime minister) and military commander. What happened after Perak was appointed prime minister?
But the key figure in the sultanate was Tun Perak, Bendahara (prime minister) and military commander. Was Perak always prime minister?
But the key figure in the sultanate was Tun Perak, Bendahara (prime minister) and military commander. Was Perak always prime minister?
In practice, however, we too often pretend that we are concerned only with economic values. Do we only care about economic values today?
In practice, however, we too often pretend that we are concerned only with economic values. How long have we been concerned only with economic values?
In practice, however, we too often pretend that we are concerned only with economic values. How long have we been concerned only with economic values?
In practice, however, we too often pretend that we are concerned only with economic values. How long have we been concerned only with economic values?
In practice, however, we too often pretend that we are concerned only with economic values. How often do we care only about economic values?
In practice, however, we too often pretend that we are concerned only with economic values. How often do we care only about economic values?
In practice, however, we too often pretend that we are concerned only with economic values. How often do we care only about economic values?
In practice, however, we too often pretend that we are concerned only with economic values. How often do we care only about economic values?
In practice, however, we too often pretend that we care only about economic values. On what day do we care only about economic values?
In practice, however, we too often pretend that we care only about economic values. On what day do we care only about economic values?
In practice, however, we too often pretend that we care only about economic values. On what day do we care only about economic values?
In practice, however, we too often pretend that we care only about economic values. On what day do we care only about economic values?
In practice, however, we too often pretend that we care only about economic values. On what day do we care only about economic values?
In practice, however, we too often pretend that we care only about economic values. On what day do we care only about economic values?
In practice, however, we too often pretend that we care only about economic values. On what day do we care only about economic values?
After wiping your feet on the mat, reach for the brass knocker on the door. How often do you wipe your feet on the mat?
After wiping your feet on the mat, reach for the brass knocker on the door. How often do you wipe your feet on the mat?
After wiping your feet on the mat, reach for the brass knocker on the door. How often do you wipe your feet on the mat?
After wiping your feet on the mat, reach for the brass knocker on the door. How often do you wipe your feet on the mat?
After wiping your feet on the mat, reach for the brass knocker on the door. How often do you wipe your feet on the mat?
After wiping your feet on the mat, reach for the brass knocker on the door. How often do you wipe your feet on the mat?
After wiping your feet on the mat, reach for the brass knocker on the door. How often do you wipe your feet on the mat?
After wiping your feet on the mat, reach for the brass knocker on the door. How often do you wipe your feet on the mat?
After wiping your feet on the mat, reach for the brass knocker on the door. How often do you wipe your feet on the mat?
After wiping your feet on the mat, reach for the brass knocker on the door. How often do you wipe your feet on the mat?
After wiping your feet on the mat, reach for the brass knocker on the door. How often do you wipe your feet on the mat?
After wiping your feet on the mat, reach for the brass knocker on the door. How often do you wipe your feet on the mat?
After wiping your feet on the mat, reach for the brass knocker on the door. How often do you wipe your feet on the mat?
After wiping your feet on the mat, reach for the brass knocker on the door. How often do you wipe your feet on the mat?
After wiping your feet on the mat, reach for the brass knocker on the door. How often do you wipe your feet on the mat?
After wiping your feet on the mat, reach for the brass knocker on the door. How often do you wipe your feet on the mat?
After wiping your feet on the mat, reach for the brass knocker on the door. How often do you wipe your feet on the mat?
After you have wiped your feet on the mat, reach for the brass knocker on the door. What time of day do you do this?
After you have wiped your feet on the mat, reach for the brass knocker on the door. What time of day do you do this?
After you have wiped your feet on the mat, reach for the brass knocker on the door. What time of day do you do this?
After you have wiped your feet on the mat, reach for the brass knocker on the door. What time of day do you do this?
After you have wiped your feet on the mat, reach for the brass knocker on the door. What time of day do you do this?
After you have wiped your feet on the mat, reach for the brass knocker on the door. What time of day do you do this?
After you have wiped your feet on the mat, reach for the brass knocker on the door. What time of day do you do this?
After you have wiped your feet on the mat, reach for the brass knocker on the door. What time of day do you do this?
After you have wiped your feet on the mat, reach for the brass knocker on the door. What time of day do you do this?
After you have wiped your feet on the mat, reach for the brass knocker on the door. What time of day do you do this?
After you have wiped your feet on the mat, reach for the brass knocker on the door. What time of day do you do this?
After you have wiped your feet on the mat, reach for the brass knocker on the door. What time of day do you do this?
After wiping your feet on the mat, reach out to touch the brass knocker on the door.
After wiping your feet on the mat, reach out to touch the brass knocker on the door.
After wiping your feet on the mat, reach out to touch the brass knocker on the door.
After wiping your feet on the mat, reach out to touch the brass knocker on the door.
After wiping your feet on the mat, reach out to touch the brass knocker on the door.
After wiping your feet on the mat, reach out to touch the brass knocker on the door.
After you have wiped your feet on the mat, reach for the brass knocker on the door. How long have you wiped your feet on the mat?
After you have wiped your feet on the mat, reach for the brass knocker on the door. How long have you wiped your feet on the mat?
After you have wiped your feet on the mat, reach for the brass knocker on the door. How long have you wiped your feet on the mat?
After you have wiped your feet on the mat, reach for the brass knocker on the door. How long have you wiped your feet on the mat?
After you have wiped your feet on the mat, reach for the brass knocker on the door. How long have you wiped your feet on the mat?
After you have wiped your feet on the mat, reach for the brass knocker on the door. How long have you wiped your feet on the mat?
After you have wiped your feet on the mat, reach for the brass knocker on the door. How long have you wiped your feet on the mat?
After you have wiped your feet on the mat, reach for the brass knocker on the door. How long have you wiped your feet on the mat?
After you have wiped your feet on the mat, reach for the brass knocker on the door. How long have you wiped your feet on the mat?
After you have wiped your feet on the mat, reach for the brass knocker on the door. How long have you wiped your feet on the mat?
After you have wiped your feet on the mat, reach for the brass knocker on the door. How long have you wiped your feet on the mat?
After you have wiped your feet on the mat, reach for the brass knocker on the door. How long have you wiped your feet on the mat?
After you have wiped your feet on the mat, reach for the brass knocker on the door. How long have you wiped your feet on the mat?
After you have wiped your feet on the mat, reach for the brass knocker on the door. How long have you wiped your feet on the mat?
Although electronic espionage can cost US companies billions of dollars a year, most do not take precautions yet, experts say. How often do US companies lose money?
Although electronic espionage can cost US companies billions of dollars a year, most do not take precautions yet, experts say. How often do US companies lose money?
Although electronic espionage can cost US companies billions of dollars a year, most do not take precautions yet, experts say. How often do US companies lose money?
Although electronic espionage can cost US companies billions of dollars a year, most do not take precautions yet, experts say. How often do US companies lose money?
Although electronic espionage can cost U.S. companies billions of dollars a year, most still do not take precautions, experts say. When did electronic espionage begin?
Although electronic espionage can cost U.S. companies billions of dollars a year, most still do not take precautions, experts say. When did electronic espionage begin?
Although electronic espionage can cost U.S. companies billions of dollars a year, most still do not take precautions, experts say. When did electronic espionage begin?
Although electronic espionage can cost U.S. companies billions of dollars a year, most still do not take precautions, experts say. When did electronic espionage begin?
Although electronic espionage can cost U.S. companies billions of dollars a year, most still do not take precautions, experts say. When did electronic espionage begin?
Although electronic espionage can cost U.S. companies billions of dollars a year, most still do not take precautions, experts say. When did electronic espionage begin?
Although electronic espionage can cost U.S. companies billions of dollars a year, most still do not take precautions, experts say. When did electronic espionage begin?
Although electronic espionage can cost U.S. companies billions of dollars a year, most still do not take precautions, experts say. When did electronic espionage begin?
Although electronic espionage can cost US companies billions of dollars a year, most do not yet take precautions, experts say. What will the US do after realizing its losses?
Although electronic espionage can cost US companies billions of dollars a year, most do not yet take precautions, experts say. What will the US do after realizing its losses?
Although electronic espionage can cost US companies billions of dollars a year, most do not yet take precautions, experts say. What will the US do after realizing its losses?
Although electronic espionage can cost US companies billions of dollars a year, most do not yet take precautions, experts say. What will the US do after realizing its losses?
Although electronic espionage can cost US companies billions of dollars a year, most do not yet take precautions, experts say. What will the US do after realizing its losses?
Although electronic espionage can cost US companies billions of dollars a year, most do not yet take precautions, experts say. What will the US do after realizing its losses?
Although electronic espionage can cost US companies billions of dollars a year, most do not yet take precautions, experts say. What will the US do after realizing its losses?
Although electronic espionage can cost US companies billions of dollars a year, most do not yet take precautions, experts say. What will the US do after realizing its losses?
Although electronic espionage can cost US companies billions of dollars a year, most do not yet take precautions, experts say. What will the US do after realizing its losses?
Although electronic espionage can cost US companies billions of dollars a year, most do not yet take precautions, experts say. What will the US do after realizing its losses?
Although electronic espionage can cost US companies billions of dollars a year, most do not yet take precautions, experts say. What will the US do after realizing its losses?
Although electronic espionage can cost US companies billions of dollars a year, most do not yet take precautions, experts say. What will the US do after realizing its losses?
Although electronic espionage can cost US companies billions of dollars a year, most do not yet take precautions, experts say. What will the US do after realizing its losses?
Although electronic espionage can cost U.S. companies billions of dollars a year, most do not take precautions yet, experts say. How long has electronic espionage been around?
Although electronic espionage can cost U.S. companies billions of dollars a year, most do not take precautions yet, experts say. How long has electronic espionage been around?
Although electronic espionage can cost U.S. companies billions of dollars a year, most do not take precautions yet, experts say. How long has electronic espionage been around?
Although electronic espionage can cost U.S. companies billions of dollars a year, most do not take precautions yet, experts say. How long has electronic espionage been around?
Although electronic espionage can cost U.S. companies billions of dollars a year, most do not take precautions yet, experts say. How long has electronic espionage been around?
Although electronic espionage can cost U.S. companies billions of dollars a year, most do not take precautions yet, experts say. How long has electronic espionage been around?
Although electronic espionage can cost U.S. companies billions of dollars a year, most do not take precautions yet, experts say. How long has electronic espionage been around?
Although electronic espionage can cost U.S. companies billions of dollars a year, most do not take precautions yet, experts say. How long has electronic espionage been around?
Although electronic espionage can cost U.S. companies billions of dollars a year, most do not take precautions yet, experts say. How long has electronic espionage been around?
Although electronic espionage can cost U.S. companies billions of dollars a year, most do not take precautions yet, experts say. How long has electronic espionage been around?
Although electronic espionage can cost U.S. companies billions of dollars a year, most do not take precautions yet, experts say. How long has electronic espionage been around?
Although electronic espionage can cost U.S. companies billions of dollars a year, most do not take precautions yet, experts say. How long has electronic espionage been around?
Although electronic espionage can cost U.S. companies billions of dollars a year, most do not take precautions yet, experts say. How long has electronic espionage been around?
Although electronic espionage can cost U.S. companies billions of dollars a year, most do not take precautions yet, experts say. Will electronic espionage always take place in the U.S.?
Although electronic espionage can cost U.S. companies billions of dollars a year, most do not take precautions yet, experts say. Will electronic espionage always take place in the U.S.?
Although electronic espionage can cost U.S. companies billions of dollars a year, most do not take precautions yet, experts say. Will electronic espionage always take place in the U.S.?
Although electronic espionage can cost U.S. companies billions of dollars a year, most do not take precautions yet, experts say. Will electronic espionage always take place in the U.S.?
Although electronic espionage can cost U.S. companies billions of dollars a year, most do not take precautions yet, experts say. Will electronic espionage always take place in the U.S.?
Although electronic espionage can cost U.S. companies billions of dollars a year, most do not take precautions yet, experts say. Will electronic espionage always take place in the U.S.?
Although electronic espionage can cost U.S. companies billions of dollars a year, most do not take precautions yet, experts say. Will electronic espionage always take place in the U.S.?
Although electronic espionage can cost U.S. companies billions of dollars a year, most do not take precautions yet, experts say. Will electronic espionage always take place in the U.S.?
She told me she was heading for a drink and slipped out of the crowd.
She told me she was heading for a drink and slipped out of the crowd.
She told me she was heading for a drink and slipped out of the crowd.
She told me she was heading for a drink and slipped out of the crowd.
She told me she was heading for a drink and slipped out of the crowd.
She told me she was heading for a drink and slipped out of the crowd.
She told me she was heading for a drink and slipped out of the crowd.
She told me she was heading for a drink and slipped out of the crowd.
She told me she was heading for a drink and slipped out of the crowd.
She told me she was heading for a drink and slipped out of the crowd.
She told me she was heading for a drink and slipped out of the crowd.
She told me she was heading for a drink and slipped out of the crowd.
She told me she was heading for a drink and slipped out of the crowd.
She told me she was heading for a drink and slipped out of the crowd.
She told me she was heading for a drink and slipped out of the crowd.
She told me she was heading for a drink and slipped out of the crowd.
She told me she was heading for a drink and slipped out of the crowd.
She told me she was heading for a drink and slipped out of the crowd.
She told me she was heading for a drink and slipped out of the crowd.
She told me she was heading for a drink and slipped out of the crowd.
She told me she was heading for a drink and slipped out of the crowd.
She told me she was heading for a drink and slipped out of the crowd.
She told me she was heading for a drink and slipped out of the crowd.
She told me she was heading for a drink and slipped out of the crowd.
She told me she was heading for a drink and slipped out of the crowd.
She told me she was heading for a drink and slipped out of the crowd.
She told me she was heading for a drink and slipped out of the crowd.
She told me she was heading for a drink and slipped out of the crowd.
She told me she was heading for a drink and slipped out of the crowd.
She told me she was heading for a drink and slipped out of the crowd.
She told me she was heading for a drink and slipped out of the crowd.
She told me she was heading for a drink and slipped out of the crowd.
She told me she was heading for a drink and slipped out of the crowd.
She told me she was heading for a drink and slipped out of the crowd.
She told me she was heading for a drink and slipped out of the crowd.
She told me she was heading for a drink and slipped out of the crowd.
the indigenous archaic Indians developed a permanent hunting and collecting culture. How long does a typical hunt last?
the indigenous archaic Indians developed a permanent hunting and collecting culture. How long does a typical hunt last?
the indigenous archaic Indians developed a permanent hunting and collecting culture. How long does a typical hunt last?
the indigenous archaic Indians developed a permanent hunting and collecting culture. How long does a typical hunt last?
the indigenous archaic Indians developed a permanent hunting and collecting culture. How long does a typical hunt last?
the indigenous archaic Indians developed a permanent hunting and collecting culture. How long does a typical hunt last?
the indigenous archaic Indians developed a permanent hunting and collecting culture. How long does a typical hunt last?
the indigenous archaic Indians developed a permanent hunting and collecting culture. How long does a typical hunt last?
the indigenous archaic Indians developed a permanent hunting and collecting culture. How long does a typical hunt last?
the indigenous archaic Indians developed a permanent hunting and collecting culture. How long does a typical hunt last?
the indigenous archaic Indians developed a permanent hunting and collecting culture. How long does a typical hunt last?
the indigenous archaic Indians developed a permanent hunting and collecting culture. How long does a typical hunt last?
the indigenous archaic Indians developed a permanent hunting and collecting culture. How long does a typical hunt last?
the indigenous archaic Indians developed a permanent hunting and collecting culture. How long does a typical hunt last?
the indigenous archaic Indians began to develop a permanent hunting and collecting culture. What did they do after a successful hunt?
the indigenous archaic Indians began to develop a permanent hunting and collecting culture. What did they do after a successful hunt?
the indigenous archaic Indians began to develop a permanent hunting and collecting culture. What did they do after a successful hunt?
the indigenous archaic Indians began to develop a permanent hunting and collecting culture. What did they do after a successful hunt?
the indigenous archaic Indians began to develop a permanent hunting and collecting culture. What did they do after a successful hunt?
the indigenous archaic Indians began to develop a permanent hunting and collecting culture. What did they do after a successful hunt?
the indigenous archaic Indians began to develop a permanent hunting and collecting culture.
the indigenous archaic Indians began to develop a permanent hunting and collecting culture.
the indigenous archaic Indians began to develop a permanent hunting and collecting culture.
the indigenous archaic Indians began to develop a permanent hunting and collecting culture.
the indigenous archaic Indians began to develop a permanent hunting and collecting culture.
the indigenous archaic Indians began to develop a permanent hunting and collecting culture.
the indigenous archaic Indians began to develop a permanent hunting and collecting culture.
the indigenous archaic Indians began to develop a permanent hunting and collecting culture.
the indigenous archaic Indians began to develop a permanent hunting and collecting culture.
the indigenous archaic Indians began to develop a permanent hunting and collecting culture. At what time of day would a typical hunt begin?
the indigenous archaic Indians began to develop a permanent hunting and collecting culture. At what time of day would a typical hunt begin?
In Malaysia, Powell met Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad, who has led the country since 1981. How long did it take Powell to travel to Malaysia to meet the Prime Minister?
In Malaysia, Powell met Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad, who has led the country since 1981. How long did it take Powell to travel to Malaysia to meet the Prime Minister?
In Malaysia, Powell met Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad, who has led the country since 1981. How long did it take Powell to travel to Malaysia to meet the Prime Minister?
In Malaysia, Powell met Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad, who has led the country since 1981. How long did it take Powell to travel to Malaysia to meet the Prime Minister?
In Malaysia, Powell met Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad, who has led the country since 1981. How long did it take Powell to travel to Malaysia to meet the Prime Minister?
In Malaysia, Powell met Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad, who has led the country since 1981. How long did it take Powell to travel to Malaysia to meet the Prime Minister?
In Malaysia, Powell met Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad, who has led the country since 1981. How long did it take Powell to travel to Malaysia to meet the Prime Minister?
In Malaysia, Powell met Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad, who has led the country since 1981. How long did it take Powell to travel to Malaysia to meet the Prime Minister?
In Malaysia, Powell met Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad, who has led the country since 1981. How long did it take Powell to travel to Malaysia to meet the Prime Minister?
In Malaysia, Powell met Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad, who has led the country since 1981. What did Powell do after his meeting with the Prime Minister?
In Malaysia, Powell met Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad, who has led the country since 1981. What did Powell do after his meeting with the Prime Minister?
In Malaysia, Powell met with Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad, who has led the country since 1981. How often does Powell travel to other countries to meet their leaders?
In Malaysia, Powell met with Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad, who has led the country since 1981. How often does Powell travel to other countries to meet their leaders?
In Malaysia, Powell met with Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad, who has led the country since 1981. How often does Powell travel to other countries to meet their leaders?
In Malaysia, Powell met with Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad, who has led the country since 1981. How often does Powell travel to other countries to meet their leaders?
In Malaysia, Powell met with Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad, who has led the country since 1981. How often does Powell travel to other countries to meet their leaders?
In Malaysia, Powell met with Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad, who has led the country since 1981. How often does Powell travel to other countries to meet their leaders?
In Malaysia, Powell met with Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad, who has led the country since 1981. How often does Powell travel to other countries to meet their leaders?
In Malaysia, Powell met with Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad, who has led the country since 1981. How often does Powell travel to other countries to meet their leaders?
In Malaysia, Powell met with Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad, who has led the country since 1981. How often does Powell travel to other countries to meet their leaders?
In Malaysia, Powell met with Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad, who has led the country since 1981. How often does Powell travel to other countries to meet their leaders?
In Malaysia, Powell met with Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad, who has led the country since 1981. How often does Powell travel to other countries to meet their leaders?
In Malaysia, Powell met Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad, who has led the country since 1981. When did Powell and the Prime Minister meet?
In Malaysia, Powell met Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad, who has led the country since 1981. When did Powell and the Prime Minister meet?
In Malaysia, Powell met Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad, who has led the country since 1981. When did Powell and the Prime Minister meet?
In Malaysia, Powell met Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad, who has led the country since 1981. When did Powell and the Prime Minister meet?
Tony and Ally like to play other games like Hopscotch or Skipping Rope, but that day they took part in the Game of the Day. How often do Tony and Ally play Hopscotch?
Tony and Ally like to play other games like Hopscotch or Skipping Rope, but that day they took part in the Game of the Day. How often do Tony and Ally play Hopscotch?
Tony and Ally like to play other games like Hopscotch or Skipping Rope, but that day they took part in the Game of the Day. How often do Tony and Ally play Hopscotch?
Tony and Ally like to play other games like Hopscotch or Skipping Rope, but that day they took part in the Game of the Day. How often do Tony and Ally play Hopscotch?
Tony and Ally like to play other games like Hopscotch or Skipping Rope, but that day they took part in the Game of the Day. How often do Tony and Ally play Hopscotch?
Tony and Ally like to play other games like Hopscotch or Skipping Rope, but that day they took part in the Game of the Day. How often do Tony and Ally play Hopscotch?
Tony and Ally like to play other games like Hopscotch or Skipping Rope, but that day they took part in the Game of the Day. How often do Tony and Ally play Hopscotch?
Tony and Ally like to play other games like Hopscotch or Skipping Rope, but that day they took part in the Game of the Day. How often do Tony and Ally play Hopscotch?
Tony and Ally like to play other games like Hopscotch or Skipping Rope, but that day they took part in the Game of the Day. How often do Tony and Ally play Hopscotch?
Tony and Ally like to play other games like Hopscotch or Skipping Rope, but that day they took part in the Game of the Day. How often do Tony and Ally play Hopscotch?
Tony and Ally like to play other games like Hopscotch or Skipping Rope, but that day they took part in the Game of the Day. How often do Tony and Ally play Hopscotch?
Tony and Ally like to play other games like Hopscotch or Skipping Rope, but that day they took part in the Game of the Day. How often do Tony and Ally play Hopscotch?
Tony and Ally like to play other games like Hopscotch or Skipping Rope, but that day they took part in the Game of the Day. How often do Tony and Ally play Hopscotch?
Tony and Ally like to play other games like hopscotch or skipping rope, but that day they joined the tag game. At what time did the tag game start?
Tony and Ally like to play other games like hopscotch or skipping rope, but that day they joined the tag game. At what time did the tag game start?
Tony and Ally like to play other games like hopscotch or skipping rope, but that day they joined the tag game. At what time did the tag game start?
Tony and Ally like to play other games like hopscotch or skipping rope, but that day they joined the tag game. At what time did the tag game start?
Tony and Ally like to play other games like hopscotch or skipping rope, but that day they joined the tag game. At what time did the tag game start?
Tony and Ally like to play other games like hopscotch or skipping rope, but that day they joined the tag game. At what time did the tag game start?
Tony and Ally like to play other games like hopscotch or skipping rope, but that day they joined the tag game. At what time did the tag game start?
Tony and Ally like to play other games like hopscotch or skipping rope, but that day they joined the tag game. How long did the tag game last?
Tony and Ally like to play other games like hopscotch or skipping rope, but that day they joined the tag game. How long did the tag game last?
Tony and Ally like to play other games like hopscotch or skipping rope, but that day they joined the tag game. How long did the tag game last?
Tony and Ally like to play other games like hopscotch or skipping rope, but that day they joined the tag game. How long did the tag game last?
Tony and Ally like to play other games like hopscotch or skipping rope, but that day they joined the tag game. How long did the tag game last?
Tony and Ally like to play other games like hopscotch or skipping rope, but that day they joined the tag game. How long did the tag game last?
Tony and Ally like to play other games like hopscotch or skipping rope, but that day they joined the tag game. How long did the tag game last?
Tony and Ally like to play other games like hopscotch or skipping rope, but that day they joined the tag game. How long did the tag game last?
Tony and Ally like to play other games like hopscotch or skipping rope, but that day they joined the tag game. How long did the tag game last?
Tony and Ally like to play other games like hopscotch or skipping rope, but that day they joined the tag game. How long did the tag game last?
Tony and Ally like to play other games like hopscotch or skipping rope, but that day they joined the tag game. How long did the tag game last?
Tony and Ally like to play other games like hopscotch or skipping rope, but on this day they joined the game of the day. Do Tony and Ally still enjoy skipping rope?
Tony and Ally like to play other games like hopscotch or skipping rope, but on this day they joined the game of the day. Do Tony and Ally still enjoy skipping rope?
Tony and Ally like to play other games like hopscotch or skipping rope, but on this day they joined the game of the day. Do Tony and Ally still enjoy skipping rope?
Tony and Ally like to play other games like hopscotch or skipping rope, but on this day they joined the game of the day. Do Tony and Ally still enjoy skipping rope?
Tony and Ally like to play other games like hopscotch or skipping rope, but on this day they joined the game of the day. Do Tony and Ally still enjoy skipping rope?
Tony and Ally like to play other games like hopscotch or skipping rope, but on this day they joined the game of the day. Do Tony and Ally still enjoy skipping rope?
Tony and Ally like to play other games like hopscotch or skipping rope, but on this day they joined the game of the day. Do Tony and Ally still enjoy skipping rope?
What if you travel by bus or car? What time can you expect the first bus of the day?
What if you travel by bus or car? What time can you expect the first bus of the day?
What if you travel by bus or car? What time can you expect the first bus of the day?
What if you travel by bus or car? What time can you expect the first bus of the day?
What if you travel by bus or car? What time can you expect the first bus of the day?
What if you travel by bus or car? What time can you expect the first bus of the day?
What if you went by bus or by car? How long would a bus ride normally take?
What if you went by bus or by car? How long would a bus ride normally take?
What if you went by bus or by car? How long would a bus ride normally take?
What if you went by bus or by car? How long would a bus ride normally take?
What if you went by bus or by car? How long would a bus ride normally take?
What if you went by bus or by car? How long would a bus ride normally take?
What if you went by bus or by car? How long would a bus ride normally take?
What if you went by bus or by car? How long would a bus ride normally take?
What if you went by bus or by car? How long would a bus ride normally take?
What if you went by bus or by car? How long would a bus ride normally take?
What if you went by bus or by car? How long would a bus ride normally take?
What if you went by bus or by car? How long would a bus ride normally take?
What if you went by bus or car? What would you do after the bus ride?
What if you went by bus or car? What would you do after the bus ride?
What if you went by bus or car? What would you do after the bus ride?
What if you went by bus or car? What would you do after the bus ride?
What if you went by bus or car? What would you do after the bus ride?
What if you went by bus or car? What would you do after the bus ride?
What if you went by bus or car? What would you do after the bus ride?
What if you travel by bus or car? How often do children travel by bus?
What if you travel by bus or car? How often do children travel by bus?
What if you travel by bus or car? How often do children travel by bus?
What if you travel by bus or car? How often do children travel by bus?
What if you travel by bus or car? How often do children travel by bus?
What if you travel by bus or car? How often do children travel by bus?
What if you travel by bus or car? How often do children travel by bus?
What if you travel by bus or car? How often do children travel by bus?
What if you travel by bus or car? How often do children travel by bus?
The company called the recording "a reflection of our commitment to a trouble-free environment, anytime, anywhere," the SEC filing said.
The company called the recording "a reflection of our commitment to a trouble-free environment, anytime, anywhere," the SEC filing said.
The company called the recording "a reflection of our commitment to a trouble-free environment, anytime, anywhere," the SEC filing said.
The company called the recording "a reflection of our commitment to a trouble-free environment, anytime, anywhere," the SEC filing said.
The company called the recording "a reflection of our commitment to a trouble-free environment, anytime, anywhere," the SEC filing said.
The company called the recording "a reflection of our commitment to a trouble-free environment, anytime, anywhere," the SEC filing said.
The company called the recording "a reflection of our commitment to a trouble-free environment, anytime, anywhere," the SEC filing said.
The company called the recording "a reflection of our commitment to a trouble-free environment, anytime, anywhere," the SEC filing said.
The company called the recording "a reflection of our commitment to a trouble-free environment, anytime, anywhere," the SEC filing said.
The company called the recording "a reflection of our commitment to a trouble-free environment, anytime, anywhere," the SEC filing said.
The company called the recording "a reflection of our commitment to a trouble-free environment, anytime, anywhere," the SEC filing said.
The company called the recording "a reflection of our commitment to a trouble-free environment, anytime, anywhere," the SEC filing said.
The company called the recording "a reflection of our commitment to a trouble-free environment, anytime, anywhere," the SEC filing said.
The company called the recording "a reflection of our commitment to a trouble-free environment, anytime, anywhere," the SEC filing said.
The company called the recording "a reflection of our commitment to a trouble-free environment, anytime, anywhere," the SEC filing said.
The company called the recording "a reflection of our commitment to a trouble-free environment, anytime, anywhere," the SEC filing said.
The company called the recording "a reflection of our commitment to a trouble-free environment, anytime, anywhere," the SEC filing said.
The company called the recording "a reflection of our commitment to a trouble-free environment, anytime, anywhere," the SEC filing said.
The company called the recording "a reflection of our commitment to a trouble-free environment, anytime, anywhere," the SEC filing said.
The company called the recording "a reflection of our commitment to a trouble-free environment, anytime, anywhere," the SEC filing said.
The company called the recording "a reflection of our commitment to a trouble-free environment, anytime, anywhere," the SEC filing said.
The company called the recording "a reflection of our commitment to a trouble-free environment, all the time, everywhere," the SEC filing said.
The company called the recording "a reflection of our commitment to a trouble-free environment, all the time, everywhere," the SEC filing said.
At the end they drive off and listen to the radio. How long was the journey?
At the end they drive off and listen to the radio. How long was the journey?
At the end they drive off and listen to the radio. How long was the journey?
At the end they drive off and listen to the radio. How long was the journey?
At the end they drive off and listen to the radio. How long was the journey?
At the end they drive off and listen to the radio. How long was the journey?
At the end they drive off and listen to the radio. How long was the journey?
At the end they drive off and listen to the radio. How long was the journey?
At the end they drive off and listen to the radio. How long was the journey?
At the end they drive off and listen to the radio. How long was the journey?
At the end they drive off and listen to the radio. How long was the journey?
At the end they drive off and listen to the radio. How long was the journey?
At the end they drive off and listen to the radio. How long was the journey?
At the end they drive off and listen to the radio. How long was the journey?
At the end they drive off and listen to the radio. How often did they change music during the journey?
At the end they drive off and listen to the radio. How often did they change music during the journey?
At the end they drive off and listen to the radio. How often did they change music during the journey?
At the end they drive off and listen to the radio. How often did they change music during the journey?
At the end they drive off and listen to the radio. How often did they change music during the journey?
At the end they drive off and listen to the radio. How often did they change music during the journey?
At the end they drive off and listen to the radio. How often did they change music during the journey?
At the end they drive off and listen to the radio. How often did they change music during the journey?
At the end they drive off and listen to the radio. How often did they change music during the journey?
At the end they drive off and listen to the radio. How often did they change music during the journey?
At the end they drive off and listen to the radio. How often did they change music during the journey?
At the end they drive off and listen to the radio. When did they stop driving for a lunch break?
At the end they drive off and listen to the radio. When did they stop driving for a lunch break?
At the end they drive off and listen to the radio. When did they stop driving for a lunch break?
At the end they drive off and listen to the radio. When did they stop driving for a lunch break?
At the end they drive off and listen to the radio. When did they stop driving for a lunch break?
At the end they drive off and listen to the radio. When did they stop driving for a lunch break?
At the end they drive off and listen to the radio. When did they stop driving for a lunch break?
People in the shelter wondered if the plane had been shot down in accordance with that permit.
People in the shelter wondered if the plane had been shot down in accordance with that permit.
People in the shelter wondered if the plane had been shot down in accordance with that permit.
Those in the shelter wondered whether the plane had been shot down in accordance with this permit. How long did it take to shoot down the plane?
Those in the shelter wondered whether the plane had been shot down in accordance with this permit. How long did it take to shoot down the plane?
Those in the shelter wondered whether the plane had been shot down in accordance with this permit. How long did it take to shoot down the plane?
Those in the shelter wondered whether the plane had been shot down in accordance with this permit. How long did it take to shoot down the plane?
Those in the shelter wondered whether the plane had been shot down in accordance with this permit. How long did it take to shoot down the plane?
Those in the shelter wondered whether the plane had been shot down in accordance with this permit. How long did it take to shoot down the plane?
Those in the shelter wondered whether the plane had been shot down in accordance with this permit. How long did it take to shoot down the plane?
Those in the shelter wondered whether the plane had been shot down in accordance with this permit. How long did it take to shoot down the plane?
Those in the shelter wondered whether the plane had been shot down in accordance with this permit. How long did it take to shoot down the plane?
Those in the shelter wondered whether the plane had been shot down in accordance with this permit. How long did it take to shoot down the plane?
Those in the shelter wondered whether the plane had been shot down in accordance with this permit. How long did it take to shoot down the plane?
Those in the shelter wondered if the plane had been shot down in accordance with that permit.
Those in the shelter wondered if the plane had been shot down in accordance with that permit.
Those in the shelter wondered if the plane had been shot down in accordance with that permit.
Those in the shelter wondered if the plane had been shot down in accordance with that permit.
Those in the shelter wondered if the plane had been shot down in accordance with that permit.
Those in the shelter wondered if the plane had been shot down in accordance with that permit.
People in the shelter wondered if the plane had been shot down in accordance with that permit.
People in the shelter wondered if the plane had been shot down in accordance with that permit.
People in the shelter wondered if the plane had been shot down in accordance with that permit.
People in the shelter wondered if the plane had been shot down in accordance with that permit.
People in the shelter wondered if the plane had been shot down in accordance with that permit.
People in the shelter wondered if the plane had been shot down in accordance with that permit.
People in the shelter wondered if the plane had been shot down in accordance with that permit.
People in the shelter wondered if the plane had been shot down in accordance with that permit.
People in the shelter wondered if the plane had been shot down in accordance with that permit.
People in the shelter wondered if the plane had been shot down in accordance with that permit.
People in the shelter wondered if the plane had been shot down in accordance with that permit.
People in the shelter wondered if the plane had been shot down in accordance with that permit.
People in the shelter wondered if the plane had been shot down in accordance with that permit.
In 27 percent of cases, the charges were dismissed or the accused found not guilty. How often were these cases heard?
In 27 percent of cases, the charges were dismissed or the accused found not guilty. How often were these cases heard?
In 27 percent of cases, the charges were dismissed or the accused found not guilty. How often were these cases heard?
In 27 percent of cases, the charges were dismissed or the accused found not guilty. How often were these cases heard?
In 27 percent of cases, the charges were dismissed or the accused found not guilty. How often were these cases heard?
In 27 percent of cases, the charges were dismissed or the accused found not guilty. How often were these cases heard?
In 27 percent of cases, the charges were dismissed or the defendant found not guilty. What did the defendants do after the charges were dismissed or found not guilty?
In 27 percent of cases, the charges were dismissed or the defendant found not guilty. What did the defendants do after the charges were dismissed or found not guilty?
In 27 percent of cases, the charges were dismissed or the defendant found not guilty. What did the defendants do after the charges were dismissed or found not guilty?
In 27 percent of cases, the charges were dismissed or the defendant found not guilty. What did the defendants do after the charges were dismissed or found not guilty?
In 27 percent of cases, the charges were dismissed or the defendant found not guilty. What did the defendants do after the charges were dismissed or found not guilty?
In 27 percent of cases, the charges were dismissed or the defendant found not guilty. What did the defendants do after the charges were dismissed or found not guilty?
In 27 percent of cases, the charges were dismissed or the defendant found not guilty. What did the defendants do after the charges were dismissed or found not guilty?
In 27 percent of cases, the charges were dismissed or the defendant found not guilty. What did the defendants do after the charges were dismissed or found not guilty?
In 27 percent of cases, the charges were dismissed or the defendant found not guilty. What did the defendants do after the charges were dismissed or found not guilty?
In 27 percent of cases, the charges were dismissed or the defendant found not guilty. What did the defendants do after the charges were dismissed or found not guilty?
In 27 percent of cases, the charges were dismissed or the defendant found not guilty. What did the defendants do after the charges were dismissed or found not guilty?
In 27 percent of cases, the charges were dismissed or the defendant found not guilty. What did the defendants do after the charges were dismissed or found not guilty?
In 27 percent of cases, the charges were dismissed or the accused found not guilty. Were the defendants still found guilty two years later?
In 27 percent of cases, the charges were dismissed or the accused found not guilty. Were the defendants still found guilty two years later?
In 27 percent of cases, the charges were dismissed or the accused found not guilty. Were the defendants still found guilty two years later?
In 27 percent of cases, the charges were dismissed or the accused found not guilty. Were the defendants still found guilty two years later?
In 27 percent of cases, the charges were dismissed or the accused found not guilty. Were the defendants still found guilty two years later?
In 27 percent of cases, the charges were dismissed or the accused found not guilty. Were the defendants still found guilty two years later?
In 27 percent of cases, the charges were dismissed or the accused found not guilty. Were the defendants still found guilty two years later?
In 27 percent of cases, the charges were dismissed or the accused found not guilty. Were the defendants still found guilty two years later?
In 27 percent of cases, the charges were dismissed or the accused found not guilty. Were the defendants still found guilty two years later?
In 27 percent of cases, the charges were dismissed or the accused found not guilty. Were the defendants still found guilty two years later?
In 27 percent of cases, the charges were dismissed or the accused found not guilty. Were the defendants still found guilty two years later?
In 27 percent of cases, the charges were dismissed or the accused found not guilty. Were the defendants still found guilty two years later?
In the meantime, Akai's wife Nozomi tries to make friends with Juzo and entrusts Juzo with the care of their young son. What happens if Juzo accepts Nozomi's son?
In the meantime, Akai's wife Nozomi tries to make friends with Juzo and entrusts Juzo with the care of their young son. What happens if Juzo accepts Nozomi's son?
In the meantime, Akai's wife Nozomi tries to make friends with Juzo and entrusts Juzo with the care of their young son. What happens if Juzo accepts Nozomi's son?
In the meantime, Akai's wife Nozomi tries to make friends with Juzo and entrusts Juzo with the care of their young son. What happens if Juzo accepts Nozomi's son?
In the meantime, Akai's wife Nozomi tries to make friends with Juzo and entrusts Juzo with the care of their young son. What happens if Juzo accepts Nozomi's son?
In the meantime, Akai's wife Nozomi tries to make friends with Juzo and entrusts Juzo with the care of their young son. What happens if Juzo accepts Nozomi's son?
In the meantime, Akai's wife Nozomi tries to make friends with Juzo and entrusts Juzo with the care of their young son. What happens if Juzo accepts Nozomi's son?
In the meantime, Akai's wife Nozomi tries to make friends with Juzo and entrusts Juzo with the care of their young son. What happens if Juzo accepts Nozomi's son?
In the meantime, Akai's wife Nozomi tries to make friends with Juzo and entrusts Juzo with the care of their young son. How long will Juzo take care of Nozomi's son?
In the meantime, Akai's wife Nozomi tries to make friends with Juzo and entrusts Juzo with the care of their young son. How long will Juzo take care of Nozomi's son?
In the meantime, Akai's wife Nozomi tries to make friends with Juzo and entrusts Juzo with the care of their young son. How long will Juzo take care of Nozomi's son?
In the meantime, Akai's wife Nozomi tries to make friends with Juzo and entrusts Juzo with the care of their young son. How long will Juzo take care of Nozomi's son?
In the meantime, Akai's wife Nozomi tries to make friends with Juzo and entrusts Juzo with the care of their young son. How long will Juzo take care of Nozomi's son?
In the meantime, Akai's wife Nozomi tries to make friends with Juzo and entrusts Juzo with the care of their young son. How long will Juzo take care of Nozomi's son?
In the meantime, Akai's wife Nozomi tries to make friends with Juzo and entrusts Juzo with the care of their young son. Does Nozomi still trust Juzo?
In the meantime, Akai's wife Nozomi tries to make friends with Juzo and entrusts Juzo with the care of their young son. Does Nozomi still trust Juzo?
In the meantime, Akai's wife Nozomi tries to make friends with Juzo and entrusts Juzo with the care of their young son. Does Nozomi still trust Juzo?
He tried to stop the piracy and headhunting of the Dayaks, while defending their "morally acceptable" customs.
He tried to stop the piracy and headhunting of the Dayaks, while defending their "morally acceptable" customs.
He tried to stop the piracy and headhunting of the Dayaks, while defending their "morally acceptable" customs.
He tried to stop the piracy and headhunting of the Dayaks while defending their "morally acceptable" customs.
He tried to stop the piracy and headhunting of the Dayaks while defending their "morally acceptable" customs.
He tried to stop the piracy and headhunting of the Dayaks while defending their "morally acceptable" customs.
He tried to stop the piracy and headhunting of the Dayaks, while defending their "morally acceptable" customs. How often does he defend their acceptable customs?
He tried to stop the piracy and headhunting of the Dayaks, while defending their "morally acceptable" customs. How often does he defend their acceptable customs?
He tried to stop the piracy and headhunting of the Dayaks, while defending their "morally acceptable" customs. How often does he defend their acceptable customs?
He tried to stop the piracy and headhunting of the Dayaks, while defending their "morally acceptable" customs. How often does he defend their acceptable customs?
He tried to stop the piracy and headhunting of the Dayaks, while defending their "morally acceptable" customs. How often does he defend their acceptable customs?
He tried to stop the piracy and headhunting of the Dayaks while defending their "morally acceptable" customs.
He tried to stop the piracy and headhunting of the Dayaks while defending their "morally acceptable" customs.
He tried to stop the piracy and headhunting of the Dayaks while defending their "morally acceptable" customs.
He tried to stop the piracy and headhunting of the Dayaks while defending their "morally acceptable" customs.
He tried to stop the piracy and headhunting of the Dayaks while defending their "morally acceptable" customs.
He tried to stop the piracy and headhunting of the Dayaks while defending their "morally acceptable" customs.
He tried to stop the piracy and headhunting of the Dayaks while defending their "morally acceptable" customs.
He tried to stop the piracy and headhunting of the Dayaks while defending their "morally acceptable" customs.
He tried to stop the piracy and headhunting of the Dayaks while defending their "morally acceptable" customs.
He tried to stop the piracy and headhunting of the Dayaks while defending their "morally acceptable" customs.
He tried to stop the piracy and headhunting of the Dayaks while defending their "morally acceptable" customs.
He tried to stop the piracy and headhunting of the Dayaks while defending their "morally acceptable" customs.
The heads of the Department of Homeland Security now appear before 88 committees and subcommittees of Congress. How often do they have to appear?
The heads of the Department of Homeland Security now appear before 88 committees and subcommittees of Congress. How often do they have to appear?
The heads of the Department of Homeland Security now appear before 88 committees and subcommittees of Congress. How often do they have to appear?
The heads of the Department of Homeland Security now appear before 88 committees and subcommittees of Congress. How often do they have to appear?
The heads of the Department of Homeland Security now appear before 88 committees and subcommittees of Congress. How often do they have to appear?
The heads of the Department of Homeland Security now appear before 88 committees and subcommittees of Congress. How often do they have to appear?
The heads of the Department of Homeland Security now appear before 88 committees and subcommittees of Congress. How often do they have to appear?
The heads of the Department of Homeland Security now appear before 88 committees and subcommittees of Congress. How often do they have to appear?
The heads of the Department of Homeland Security now appear before 88 committees and subcommittees of Congress. How often do they have to appear?
The heads of the Department of Homeland Security now appear before 88 committees and subcommittees of Congress. How often do they have to appear?
The heads of the Department of Homeland Security now appear before 88 committees and subcommittees of Congress. How often do they have to appear?
The heads of the Department of Homeland Security now appear before 88 committees and subcommittees of Congress. How often do they have to appear?
The heads of the Department of Homeland Security now appear before 88 committees and subcommittees of Congress. How often do they have to appear?
Department of Homeland Security chiefs are now appearing before 88 congressional committees and subcommittees.
Department of Homeland Security chiefs are now appearing before 88 congressional committees and subcommittees.
Department of Homeland Security chiefs are now appearing before 88 congressional committees and subcommittees.
Department of Homeland Security chiefs are now appearing before 88 congressional committees and subcommittees.
Department of Homeland Security chiefs are now appearing before 88 congressional committees and subcommittees.
Department of Homeland Security chiefs are now appearing before 88 congressional committees and subcommittees.
Department of Homeland Security chiefs are now appearing before 88 congressional committees and subcommittees.
Department of Homeland Security chiefs are now appearing before 88 congressional committees and subcommittees.
Department of Homeland Security chiefs are now appearing before 88 congressional committees and subcommittees.
Department of Homeland Security chiefs are now appearing before 88 congressional committees and subcommittees.
Department of Homeland Security chiefs are now appearing before 88 congressional committees and subcommittees.
Department of Homeland Security chiefs are now appearing before 88 congressional committees and subcommittees.
Department of Homeland Security chiefs are now appearing before 88 congressional committees and subcommittees.
Department of Homeland Security chiefs are now appearing before 88 congressional committees and subcommittees.
Department of Homeland Security chiefs are now appearing before 88 congressional committees and subcommittees.
Department of Homeland Security chiefs are now appearing before 88 congressional committees and subcommittees.
Department of Homeland Security chiefs are now appearing before 88 congressional committees and subcommittees.
Department of Homeland Security leaders now appear before 88 congressional committees and subcommittees. When do they appear before committees?
Department of Homeland Security leaders now appear before 88 congressional committees and subcommittees. When do they appear before committees?
Department of Homeland Security chiefs are now appearing before 88 congressional committees and subcommittees.
Department of Homeland Security chiefs are now appearing before 88 congressional committees and subcommittees.
Department of Homeland Security chiefs are now appearing before 88 congressional committees and subcommittees.
Department of Homeland Security chiefs are now appearing before 88 congressional committees and subcommittees.
The sweet red ball rolled to the blue ball and greeted it. How often does the red ball roll to other balls?
The sweet red ball rolled to the blue ball and greeted it. How often does the red ball roll to other balls?
The sweet red ball rolled to the blue ball and greeted it. How often does the red ball roll to other balls?
The sweet red ball rolled to the blue ball and greeted it. How often does the red ball roll to other balls?
The sweet red ball rolled to the blue ball and said hello. What did the blue ball do after the red ball said hello?
The sweet red ball rolled to the blue ball and said hello. What did the blue ball do after the red ball said hello?
The sweet red ball rolled to the blue ball and said hello. What did the blue ball do after the red ball said hello?
The sweet red ball rolled towards the blue ball and said hello. How long did it take for the red ball to roll over to the blue ball?
The sweet red ball rolled towards the blue ball and said hello. How long did it take for the red ball to roll over to the blue ball?
The sweet red ball rolled towards the blue ball and said hello. How long did it take for the red ball to roll over to the blue ball?
The sweet red ball rolled towards the blue ball and said hello. How long did it take for the red ball to roll over to the blue ball?
The sweet red ball rolled towards the blue ball and said hello. How long did it take for the red ball to roll over to the blue ball?
The sweet red ball rolled towards the blue ball and said hello. How long did it take for the red ball to roll over to the blue ball?
The sweet red ball rolled towards the blue ball and said hello. How long did it take for the red ball to roll over to the blue ball?
The sweet red ball rolled towards the blue ball and said hello. How long did it take for the red ball to roll over to the blue ball?
The sweet red ball rolled towards the blue ball and said hello. How long did it take for the red ball to roll over to the blue ball?
The sweet red ball rolled towards the blue ball and said hello. How long did it take for the red ball to roll over to the blue ball?
The sweet red ball rolled towards the blue ball and said hello. How long did it take for the red ball to roll over to the blue ball?
The sweet red ball rolled towards the blue ball and said hello. How long did it take for the red ball to roll over to the blue ball?
The sweet red ball rolled towards the blue ball and said hello. How long did it take for the red ball to roll over to the blue ball?
The sweet red ball rolled towards the blue ball and said hello. How long did it take for the red ball to roll over to the blue ball?
The sweet red ball rolled towards the blue ball and said hello. How long did it take for the red ball to roll over to the blue ball?
The sweet red ball rolled towards the blue ball and said hello. How long did it take for the red ball to roll over to the blue ball?
The sweet red ball rolled to the blue ball and said hello. Was the blue ball still there after the red ball had gone?
The sweet red ball rolled to the blue ball and said hello. Was the blue ball still there after the red ball had gone?
The sweet red ball rolled to the blue ball and said hello. When did the red ball roll to the blue ball?
The sweet red ball rolled to the blue ball and said hello. When did the red ball roll to the blue ball?
The sweet red ball rolled to the blue ball and said hello. When did the red ball roll to the blue ball?
The sweet red ball rolled to the blue ball and said hello. When did the red ball roll to the blue ball?
The sweet red ball rolled to the blue ball and said hello. When did the red ball roll to the blue ball?
The sweet red ball rolled to the blue ball and said hello. When did the red ball roll to the blue ball?
The sweet red ball rolled to the blue ball and said hello. When did the red ball roll to the blue ball?
The sweet red ball rolled to the blue ball and said hello. When did the red ball roll to the blue ball?
But between funny posters and advertisements for the film, which is a sequel to the 2011 blockbuster "The Muppets" starring Jason Segel, there are ingenious "selfies" of the Muppets crew. How many times a year does the average viewer watch this film?
But between funny posters and advertisements for the film, which is a sequel to the 2011 blockbuster "The Muppets" starring Jason Segel, there are ingenious "selfies" of the Muppets crew. How many times a year does the average viewer watch this film?
But between funny posters and advertisements for the film, which is a sequel to the 2011 blockbuster "The Muppets" starring Jason Segel, there are ingenious "selfies" of the Muppets crew. How many times a year does the average viewer watch this film?
But between funny posters and advertisements for the film, which is a sequel to the 2011 blockbuster "The Muppets" starring Jason Segel, there are brilliant "selfies" from the Muppets crew. How long did it take to film "The Muppets"?
But between funny posters and advertisements for the film, which is a sequel to the 2011 blockbuster "The Muppets" starring Jason Segel, there are brilliant "selfies" from the Muppets crew. How long did it take to film "The Muppets"?
But between funny posters and advertisements for the film, which is a sequel to the 2011 blockbuster "The Muppets" starring Jason Segel, there are brilliant "selfies" from the Muppets crew. How long did it take to film "The Muppets"?
But between funny posters and advertisements for the film, which is a sequel to the 2011 blockbuster "The Muppets" starring Jason Segel, there are brilliant "selfies" from the Muppets crew. How long did it take to film "The Muppets"?
But between funny posters and advertisements for the film, which is a sequel to the 2011 blockbuster "The Muppets" starring Jason Segel, there are brilliant "selfies" from the Muppets crew. How long did it take to film "The Muppets"?
But between funny posters and advertisements for the film, which is a sequel to the 2011 blockbuster "The Muppets" starring Jason Segel, there are brilliant "selfies" from the Muppets crew. How long did it take to film "The Muppets"?
But between funny posters and advertisements for the film, which is a sequel to the 2011 blockbuster "The Muppets" starring Jason Segel, there are brilliant "selfies" from the Muppets crew. How long did it take to film "The Muppets"?
But between funny posters and advertisements for the film, which is a sequel to the 2011 blockbuster "The Muppets" starring Jason Segel, there are brilliant "selfies" from the Muppets crew. How long did it take to film "The Muppets"?
But between funny posters and advertisements for the film, which is a sequel to the 2011 blockbuster "The Muppets" starring Jason Segel, there are brilliant "selfies" from the Muppets crew. How long did it take to film "The Muppets"?
But between funny posters and advertisements for the film, which is a sequel to the 2011 blockbuster "The Muppets" starring Jason Segel, there are brilliant "selfies" from the Muppets crew. How long did it take to film "The Muppets"?
But between funny posters and advertisements for the film, which is a sequel to the 2011 blockbuster "The Muppets" starring Jason Segel, there are ingenious "selfies" from the Muppets crew.
But between funny posters and advertisements for the film, which is a sequel to the 2011 blockbuster "The Muppets" starring Jason Segel, there are ingenious "selfies" from the Muppets crew.
But between funny posters and advertisements for the film, which is a sequel to the 2011 blockbuster "The Muppets" starring Jason Segel, there are ingenious "selfies" from the Muppets crew.
They practiced slash-and-burn yams and millet, a technique that exhausted the soil and forced a semi-nomadic existence from one jungle clearing to another. How often does the group move?
They practiced slash-and-burn yams and millet, a technique that exhausted the soil and forced a semi-nomadic existence from one jungle clearing to another. How often does the group move?
They practiced slash-and-burn yams and millet, a technique that exhausted the soil and forced a semi-nomadic existence from one jungle clearing to another. How often does the group move?
They practiced slash-and-burn yams and millet, a technique that exhausted the soil and forced a semi-nomadic existence from one jungle clearing to another. How often does the group move?
They practiced slash-and-burn yams and millet, a technique that exhausted the soil and forced a semi-nomadic existence from one jungle clearing to another. How often does the group move?
They practiced slash-and-burn yams and millet, a technique that exhausted the soil and forced a semi-nomadic existence from one jungle clearing to another. How often does the group move?
They practiced slash-and-burn yams and millet, a technique that exhausted the soil and forced a semi-nomadic existence from one jungle clearing to another. How often does the group move?
They practiced slash-and-burn yams and millet, a technique that exhausted the soil and forced a semi-nomadic existence from one jungle clearing to another. How often does the group move?
They practiced slash-and-burn yams and millet, a technique that exhausted the soil and forced a semi-nomadic existence from one jungle clearing to another. How often does the group move?
They practiced slash and burn of sweet potatoes and millet, a technique that exhausted the soil and forced a semi-nomadic existence from one jungle clearing to the next. When do they plant sweet potatoes and millet?
They practiced slash and burn of sweet potatoes and millet, a technique that exhausted the soil and forced a semi-nomadic existence from one jungle clearing to the next. When do they plant sweet potatoes and millet?
They practiced slash and burn of sweet potatoes and millet, a technique that exhausted the soil and forced a semi-nomadic existence from one jungle clearing to the next. When do they plant sweet potatoes and millet?
They practiced slash and burn of sweet potatoes and millet, a technique that exhausted the soil and forced a semi-nomadic existence from one jungle clearing to the next. When do they plant sweet potatoes and millet?
They practiced slash and burn of sweet potatoes and millet, a technique that exhausted the soil and forced a semi-nomadic existence from one jungle clearing to the next. When do they plant sweet potatoes and millet?
They practiced slash and burn of sweet potatoes and millet, a technique that exhausted the soil and forced a semi-nomadic existence from one jungle clearing to the next. When do they plant sweet potatoes and millet?
They practiced slash and burn of sweet potatoes and millet, a technique that exhausted the soil and forced a semi-nomadic existence from one jungle clearing to the next. When do they plant sweet potatoes and millet?
They practiced slash-and-burn of sweet potatoes and millet, a technique that exhausted the soil and forced a semi-nomadic existence from one jungle clearing to the next. How long did the group stay in a jungle?
They practiced slash-and-burn of sweet potatoes and millet, a technique that exhausted the soil and forced a semi-nomadic existence from one jungle clearing to the next. How long did the group stay in a jungle?
They practiced slash-and-burn of sweet potatoes and millet, a technique that exhausted the soil and forced a semi-nomadic existence from one jungle clearing to the next. How long did the group stay in a jungle?
They practiced slash-and-burn of sweet potatoes and millet, a technique that exhausted the soil and forced a semi-nomadic existence from one jungle clearing to the next. How long did the group stay in a jungle?
They practiced slash-and-burn of sweet potatoes and millet, a technique that exhausted the soil and forced a semi-nomadic existence from one jungle clearing to the next. How long did the group stay in a jungle?
They practiced slash-and-burn of sweet potatoes and millet, a technique that exhausted the soil and forced a semi-nomadic existence from one jungle clearing to the next. How long did the group stay in a jungle?
In addition, Las Vegas became part of Nevada's new Clark County in 1909, a year in which the legislature also banned gambling. How often has Las Vegas changed counties?
In addition, Las Vegas became part of Nevada's new Clark County in 1909, a year in which the legislature also banned gambling. How often has Las Vegas changed counties?
In addition, Las Vegas became part of Nevada's new Clark County in 1909, a year in which the legislature also banned gambling. How often has Las Vegas changed counties?
In addition, Las Vegas became part of Nevada's new Clark County in 1909, a year in which the legislature also banned gambling. How often has Las Vegas changed counties?
In addition, Las Vegas became part of Nevada's new Clark County in 1909, a year in which the legislature also banned gambling. How often has Las Vegas changed counties?
In addition, Las Vegas became part of Nevada's new Clark County in 1909, a year in which the legislature also banned gambling. How often has Las Vegas changed counties?
In addition, Las Vegas became part of Nevada's new Clark County in 1909, a year in which the legislature also banned gambling. How often has Las Vegas changed counties?
In addition, Las Vegas became part of Nevada's new Clark County in 1909, a year in which the legislature also banned gambling. How often has Las Vegas changed counties?
In addition, Las Vegas became part of Nevada's new Clark County in 1909, a year in which the legislature also banned gambling. How often has Las Vegas changed counties?
Las Vegas had also become part of Nevada's new Clark County in 1909, a year in which the Legislature also banned gambling.
Las Vegas had also become part of Nevada's new Clark County in 1909, a year in which the Legislature also banned gambling.
Las Vegas had also become part of Nevada's new Clark County in 1909, a year in which the Legislature also banned gambling.
Las Vegas had also become part of Nevada's new Clark County in 1909, a year in which the Legislature also banned gambling.
Las Vegas had also become part of Nevada's new Clark County in 1909, a year in which the Legislature also banned gambling.
Las Vegas had also become part of Nevada's new Clark County in 1909, a year in which the Legislature also banned gambling.
Las Vegas had also become part of Nevada's new Clark County in 1909, a year in which the Legislature also banned gambling.
Las Vegas had also become part of Nevada's new Clark County in 1909, a year in which the Legislature also banned gambling.
Las Vegas had also become part of Nevada's new Clark County in 1909, a year in which the Legislature also banned gambling.
Las Vegas had also become part of Nevada's new Clark County in 1909, a year in which the Legislature also banned gambling.
Las Vegas had also become part of Nevada's new Clark County in 1909, a year in which the Legislature also banned gambling.
Las Vegas had also become part of Nevada's new Clark County in 1909, a year in which the Legislature also banned gambling.
At about 9: 20 a.m., security personnel at FAA headquarters set up a hijacked conference call with several agencies, including the Department of Defense. How often are conference calls set up?
At about 9: 20 a.m., security personnel at FAA headquarters set up a hijacked conference call with several agencies, including the Department of Defense. How often are conference calls set up?
At about 9: 20 a.m., security personnel at FAA headquarters set up a hijacked conference call with several agencies, including the Department of Defense. How often are conference calls set up?
At about 9: 20 a.m., security personnel at FAA headquarters set up a hijacked conference call with several agencies, including the Department of Defense. How often are conference calls set up?
At about 9: 20 a.m., security personnel at FAA headquarters set up a hijacked conference call with several agencies, including the Department of Defense. How often are conference calls set up?
At about 9: 20 a.m., security personnel at FAA headquarters set up a hijacked conference call with several agencies, including the Department of Defense. How often are conference calls set up?
At about 9: 20 a.m., security personnel at FAA headquarters set up a hijacked conference call with several agencies, including the Department of Defense. How often are conference calls set up?
At about 9: 20 a.m., security personnel at FAA headquarters set up a hijacked conference call with several agencies, including the Department of Defense. How often are conference calls set up?
At about 9: 20 a.m., security personnel at FAA headquarters set up a hijacked conference call with several agencies, including the Department of Defense. How often are conference calls set up?
At about 9: 20 a.m., security personnel at FAA headquarters set up a hijacked conference call with several agencies, including the Department of Defense. How often are conference calls set up?
At about 9: 20 a.m., security personnel at FAA headquarters set up a hijacked conference call with several agencies, including the Department of Defense. When did the conference call end?
At about 9: 20 a.m., security personnel at FAA headquarters set up a hijacked conference call with several agencies, including the Department of Defense. When did the conference call end?
At about 9: 20 a.m., security personnel at FAA headquarters set up a hijacked conference call with several agencies, including the Department of Defense. When did the conference call end?
At about 9: 20 a.m., security personnel at FAA headquarters set up a hijacked conference call with several agencies, including the Department of Defense. How long did it take for security personnel to set up a hijacked conference call?
At about 9: 20 a.m., security personnel at FAA headquarters set up a hijacked conference call with several agencies, including the Department of Defense. How long did it take for security personnel to set up a hijacked conference call?
At about 9: 20 a.m., security personnel at FAA headquarters set up a hijacked conference call with several agencies, including the Department of Defense. How long did it take for security personnel to set up a hijacked conference call?
At about 9: 20 a.m., security personnel at FAA headquarters set up a hijacked conference call with several agencies, including the Department of Defense. How long did it take for security personnel to set up a hijacked conference call?
The group is pursued by the assassins and Ronnie and Riya are killed. How often do the assassins hunt?
The group is pursued by the assassins and Ronnie and Riya are killed. How often do the assassins hunt?
The group is pursued by the assassins and Ronnie and Riya are killed. How often do the assassins hunt?
The group is pursued by the assassins and Ronnie and Riya are killed. How often do the assassins hunt?
The group is pursued by the assassins and Ronnie and Riya are killed. How often do the assassins hunt?
The group is pursued by the assassins and Ronnie and Riya are killed. How often do the assassins hunt?
The group is pursued by the assassins and Ronnie and Riya are killed. How often do the assassins hunt?
The group is persecuted by the assassins and Ronnie and Riya are killed. How long was the group persecuted by the assassins?
The group is persecuted by the assassins and Ronnie and Riya are killed. How long was the group persecuted by the assassins?
The group is persecuted by the assassins and Ronnie and Riya are killed. How long was the group persecuted by the assassins?
The group is persecuted by the assassins and Ronnie and Riya are killed. How long was the group persecuted by the assassins?
The group is persecuted by the assassins and Ronnie and Riya are killed. How long was the group persecuted by the assassins?
The group is persecuted by the assassins and Ronnie and Riya are killed. How long was the group persecuted by the assassins?
The group is persecuted by the assassins and Ronnie and Riya are killed. How long was the group persecuted by the assassins?
The group is persecuted by the assassins and Ronnie and Riya are killed. How long was the group persecuted by the assassins?
The group is persecuted by the assassins and Ronnie and Riya are killed. How long was the group persecuted by the assassins?
The group is persecuted by the assassins and Ronnie and Riya are killed. How long was the group persecuted by the assassins?
The group is persecuted by the assassins and Ronnie and Riya are killed. How long was the group persecuted by the assassins?
The group is persecuted by the assassins and Ronnie and Riya are killed. How long was the group persecuted by the assassins?
The group is persecuted by the assassins and Ronnie and Riya are killed. How long was the group persecuted by the assassins?
The group is persecuted by the assassins and Ronnie and Riya are killed. How long was the group persecuted by the assassins?
The group is persecuted by the assassins and Ronnie and Riya are killed. How long was the group persecuted by the assassins?
The group is pursued by the assassins and Ronnie and Riya are killed. What happened after Ronnie and Riya were killed?
The group is pursued by the assassins and Ronnie and Riya are killed. What happened after Ronnie and Riya were killed?
The group is pursued by the assassins and Ronnie and Riya are killed. What happened after Ronnie and Riya were killed?
The group is pursued by the assassins and Ronnie and Riya are killed. What happened after Ronnie and Riya were killed?
The group is persecuted by the assassins and Ronnie and Riya are killed. When did the assassins start to persecute the group?
Newman also has a $5.4 million long-term compensation package that the company awarded him when he was named CEO in March 2010, according to an SEC filing.
Newman also has a $5.4 million long-term compensation package that the company awarded him when he was named CEO in March 2010, according to an SEC filing.
Newman also has a $5.4 million long-term compensation package that the company awarded him when he was named CEO in March 2010, according to an SEC filing.
Newman also has a $5.4 million long-term compensation package that the company awarded him when he was named CEO in March 2010, according to an SEC filing.
Newman also has a $5.4 million long-term compensation package that the company awarded him when he was named CEO in March 2010, according to an SEC filing.
Newman also has a $5.4 million long-term compensation package that the company awarded him when he was named CEO in March 2010, according to an SEC filing.
Newman also has a $5.4 million long-term compensation package that the company awarded him when he was named CEO in March 2010, according to an SEC filing.
Newman also has a $5.4 million long-term compensation package that the company awarded him when he was named CEO in March 2010, according to an SEC filing.
Newman also has a $5.4 million long-term compensation package that the company awarded him when he was named CEO in March 2010, according to an SEC filing.
Newman also has a $5.4 million long-term compensation package that the company awarded him when he was named CEO in March 2010, according to an SEC filing.
Newman also has a $5.4 million long-term compensation package that the company awarded him when he was named CEO in March 2010, according to an SEC filing.
Newman also has a $5.4 million long-term compensation package that the company awarded him when he was named CEO in March 2010, according to an SEC filing.
Newman also has a $5.4 million long-term compensation package that the company awarded him when he was named CEO in March 2010, according to an SEC filing.
Newman also has a $5.4 million long-term compensation package that the company awarded him when he was named CEO in March 2010, according to an SEC filing.
Newman also has a $5.4 million long-term compensation package that the company awarded him when he was named CEO in March 2010, according to an SEC filing.
Newman also has a $5.4 million long-term compensation package that the company awarded him when he was named CEO in March 2010, according to an SEC filing.
Newman also has a $5.4 million long-term compensation package that the company awarded him when he was named CEO in March 2010, according to an SEC filing.
Newman also has a $5.4 million long-term compensation package that the company awarded him when he was named CEO in March 2010, according to an SEC filing.
Newman also has a $5.4 million long-term compensation package that the company awarded him when he was named CEO in March 2010, according to an SEC filing.
Newman also has a $5.4 million long-term compensation package that the company awarded him when he was named CEO in March 2010, according to an SEC filing.
Newman also has a $5.4 million long-term compensation package that the company granted him when he was named CEO in March 2010, according to an SEC filing.
Newman also has a $5.4 million long-term compensation package that the company granted him when he was named CEO in March 2010, according to an SEC filing.
Newman also has a $5.4 million long-term compensation package that the company granted him when he was named CEO in March 2010, according to an SEC filing.
Newman also has a $5.4 million long-term compensation package that the company granted him when he was named CEO in March 2010, according to an SEC filing.
Newman also has a $5.4 million long-term compensation package that the company granted him when he was named CEO in March 2010, according to an SEC filing.
Newman also has a $5.4 million long-term compensation package that the company granted him when he was named CEO in March 2010, according to an SEC filing.
Newman also has a $5.4 million long-term compensation package that the company granted him when he was named CEO in March 2010, according to an SEC filing.
Newman also has a $5.4 million long-term compensation package that the company granted him when he was named CEO in March 2010, according to an SEC filing.
Newman also has a $5.4 million long-term compensation package that the company granted him when he was named CEO in March 2010, according to an SEC filing.
Newman also has a $5.4 million long-term compensation package that the company granted him when he was named CEO in March 2010, according to an SEC filing.
Newman also has a $5.4 million long-term compensation package that the company granted him when he was named CEO in March 2010, according to an SEC filing.
Newman also has a $5.4 million long-term compensation package that the company granted him when he was named CEO in March 2010, according to an SEC filing.
Newman also has a $5.4 million long-term compensation package that the company granted him when he was named CEO in March 2010, according to an SEC filing.
Newman also has a $5.4 million long-term compensation package that the company awarded him when he was named CEO in March 2010, according to an SEC filing.
Newman also has a $5.4 million long-term compensation package that the company awarded him when he was named CEO in March 2010, according to an SEC filing.
Newman also has a $5.4 million long-term compensation package that the company awarded him when he was named CEO in March 2010, according to an SEC filing.
Newman also has a $5.4 million long-term compensation package that the company awarded him when he was named CEO in March 2010, according to an SEC filing.
Newman also has a $5.4 million long-term compensation package that the company awarded him when he was named CEO in March 2010, according to an SEC filing.
Some steps that required the goodwill of local bar associations and others who had opposed the combination have not yet been taken.
Some steps that required the goodwill of local bar associations and others who had opposed the combination have not yet been taken.
Some steps that required the goodwill of local bar associations and others who had opposed the combination have not yet been taken.
Some steps that required the goodwill of local bar associations and others who had opposed the combination have not yet been taken.
Some steps that required the goodwill of local bar associations and others who had opposed the combination have not yet been taken.
Some steps that required the goodwill of local bar associations and others who had opposed the combination have not yet been taken.
Some steps that required the goodwill of local bar associations and others who had opposed the combination have not yet been taken.
Some steps that required the goodwill of local bar associations and others who had opposed the combination have not yet been taken.
Some steps that required the goodwill of local bar associations and others who had opposed the combination have not yet been taken.
Some steps that required the goodwill of local bar associations and others who had opposed the combination have not yet been taken.
Some steps that required the goodwill of local bar associations and others who had opposed the combination have not yet been taken.
Some steps that required the goodwill of local bar associations and others who had opposed the combination have not yet been taken.
Some steps that required the goodwill of local bar associations and others who had opposed the combination have not yet been taken.
Some steps that required the goodwill of local bar associations and others who had opposed the combination have not yet been taken.
Some steps that required the goodwill of local bar associations and others who had opposed the combination have not yet been taken.
Some steps that required the goodwill of local bar associations and others who had opposed the combination have not yet been taken.
Some steps that required the goodwill of local bar associations and others who had opposed the combination have not yet been taken.
Some steps that required the goodwill of local bar associations and others who had opposed the combination have not yet been taken.
It seemed strange to him, but not as strange as last spring, when he saw Linda, the brown chicken, in the living room. How often does he find a wild animal in his house?
It seemed strange to him, but not as strange as last spring, when he saw Linda, the brown chicken, in the living room. How often does he find a wild animal in his house?
It seemed strange to him, but not as strange as last spring, when he saw Linda, the brown chicken, in the living room. How often does he find a wild animal in his house?
It seemed strange to him, but not as strange as last spring, when he saw Linda, the brown chicken, in the living room. How often does he find a wild animal in his house?
It seemed strange to him, but not as strange as last spring, when he saw Linda, the brown chicken, in the living room. How often does he find a wild animal in his house?
It seemed strange to him, but not as strange as last spring, when he saw Linda, the brown chicken, in the living room. How often does he find a wild animal in his house?
It seemed strange to him, but not as strange as it was to see Linda the brown chicken in the living room last spring. What happened after Linda found the brown chicken in the living room?
It seemed strange to him, but not as strange as it was to see Linda the brown chicken in the living room last spring. What happened after Linda found the brown chicken in the living room?
It seemed strange to him, but not as strange as it was to see Linda the brown chicken in the living room last spring. What happened after Linda found the brown chicken in the living room?
It seemed strange to him, but not as strange as it was to see Linda the brown chicken in the living room last spring. What happened after Linda found the brown chicken in the living room?
It seemed strange to him, but not as strange as it was to see Linda the brown chicken in the living room last spring. What happened after Linda found the brown chicken in the living room?
It seemed strange to him, but not as strange as it was to see Linda the brown chicken in the living room last spring. What happened after Linda found the brown chicken in the living room?
It seemed strange to him, but not as strange as it was to see Linda the brown chicken in the living room last spring. What happened after Linda found the brown chicken in the living room?
It seemed strange to him, but not as strange as it was to see Linda the brown chicken in the living room last spring. What happened after Linda found the brown chicken in the living room?
It seemed strange to him, but not as strange as it was to see Linda the brown chicken in the living room last spring. What happened after Linda found the brown chicken in the living room?
It seemed strange to him, but not as strange as it was to see Linda the brown chicken in the living room last spring. How long was Linda the brown chicken in the living room last spring?
It seemed strange to him, but not as strange as it was to see Linda the brown chicken in the living room last spring. How long was Linda the brown chicken in the living room last spring?
It seemed strange to him, but not as strange as it was to see Linda the brown chicken in the living room last spring. How long was Linda the brown chicken in the living room last spring?
It seemed strange to him, but not as strange as it was to see Linda the brown chicken in the living room last spring. Is Linda the brown chicken still in the living room?
The book angered many of his colleagues and contemporaries in France and led to the final separation from Sartre. Were his colleagues still angry next year?
The book angered many of his colleagues and contemporaries in France and led to the final separation from Sartre. Were his colleagues still angry next year?
The book angered many of his colleagues and contemporaries in France and led to the final separation from Sartre. What happened before his colleagues became angry?
The book angered many of his colleagues and contemporaries in France and led to the final separation from Sartre. What happened before his colleagues became angry?
The book angered many of his colleagues and contemporaries in France and led to the final separation from Sartre. What happened before his colleagues became angry?
The book angered many of his colleagues and contemporaries in France and led to the final separation from Sartre. How long will his colleagues be angry?
The book angered many of his colleagues and contemporaries in France and led to the final separation from Sartre. How long will his colleagues be angry?
The book angered many of his colleagues and contemporaries in France and led to the final separation from Sartre. How long will his colleagues be angry?
The book angered many of his colleagues and contemporaries in France and led to the final separation from Sartre. How long will his colleagues be angry?
The book angered many of his colleagues and contemporaries in France and led to the final separation from Sartre. How long will his colleagues be angry?
The book angered many of his colleagues and contemporaries in France and led to the final separation from Sartre. How long will his colleagues be angry?
The book angered many of his colleagues and contemporaries in France and led to the final separation from Sartre. How long will his colleagues be angry?
The book angered many of his colleagues and contemporaries in France and led to the final separation from Sartre. How long will his colleagues be angry?
The book angered many of his colleagues and contemporaries in France and led to the final separation from Sartre. How long will his colleagues be angry?
The book angered many of his colleagues and contemporaries in France and led to the final break with Sartre. How often is the book published?
The book angered many of his colleagues and contemporaries in France and led to the final break with Sartre. How often is the book published?
The book angered many of his colleagues and contemporaries in France and led to the final break with Sartre. How often is the book published?
The book angered many of his colleagues and contemporaries in France and led to the final break with Sartre. How often is the book published?
The book angered many of his colleagues and contemporaries in France and led to the final break with Sartre. How often is the book published?
The book angered many of his colleagues and contemporaries in France and led to the final break with Sartre. When was the book published?
The book angered many of his colleagues and contemporaries in France and led to the final break with Sartre. When was the book published?
The book angered many of his colleagues and contemporaries in France and led to the final break with Sartre. When was the book published?
The book angered many of his colleagues and contemporaries in France and led to the final break with Sartre. When was the book published?
The book angered many of his colleagues and contemporaries in France and led to the final break with Sartre. When was the book published?
The book angered many of his colleagues and contemporaries in France and led to the final break with Sartre. When was the book published?
The book angered many of his colleagues and contemporaries in France and led to the final break with Sartre. When was the book published?
The book angered many of his colleagues and contemporaries in France and led to the final break with Sartre. When was the book published?
The book angered many of his colleagues and contemporaries in France and led to the final break with Sartre. When was the book published?
The book angered many of his colleagues and contemporaries in France and led to the final break with Sartre. When was the book published?
The book angered many of his colleagues and contemporaries in France and led to the final break with Sartre. When was the book published?
The book angered many of his colleagues and contemporaries in France and led to the final break with Sartre. When was the book published?
The book angered many of his colleagues and contemporaries in France and led to the final break with Sartre. When was the book published?
The agreement includes some U.S. aid to Palau, Kyota said, but those details still need to be worked out. How often did the U.S. and Palau meet to work on the agreement?
The agreement includes some U.S. aid to Palau, Kyota said, but those details still need to be worked out. How often did the U.S. and Palau meet to work on the agreement?
The agreement includes some U.S. aid to Palau, Kyota said, but those details still need to be worked out. How often did the U.S. and Palau meet to work on the agreement?
The agreement includes some U.S. aid to Palau, Kyota said, but those details still need to be worked out. How often did the U.S. and Palau meet to work on the agreement?
The agreement includes some U.S. aid to Palau, Kyota said, but those details still need to be worked out. How often did the U.S. and Palau meet to work on the agreement?
The agreement includes some U.S. aid to Palau, Kyota said, but those details still need to be worked out. How often did the U.S. and Palau meet to work on the agreement?
The agreement includes some U.S. aid to Palau, Kyota said, but those details still need to be worked out. How often did the U.S. and Palau meet to work on the agreement?
The agreement includes some U.S. aid to Palau, Kyota said, but those details still need to be worked out. How often did the U.S. and Palau meet to work on the agreement?
The agreement includes some U.S. aid to Palau, Kyota said, but those details still need to be worked out. How often did the U.S. and Palau meet to work on the agreement?
The agreement includes some U.S. aid to Palau, Kyota said, but those details still need to be worked out. How often did the U.S. and Palau meet to work on the agreement?
The agreement includes some U.S. aid to Palau, Kyota said, but those details still need to be worked out. How often did the U.S. and Palau meet to work on the agreement?
The agreement includes some U.S. aid to Palau, Kyota said, but those details have yet to be worked out.
The agreement includes some U.S. aid to Palau, Kyota said, but those details have yet to be worked out.
The agreement includes some U.S. aid to Palau, Kyota said, but those details have yet to be worked out.
The agreement includes some U.S. aid to Palau, Kyota said, but those details have yet to be worked out.
The agreement includes some U.S. aid to Palau, Kyota said, but those details have yet to be worked out.
The agreement includes some U.S. aid to Palau, Kyota said, but those details have yet to be worked out.
The agreement includes some U.S. aid to Palau, Kyota said, but those details have yet to be worked out.
The agreement includes some U.S. aid to Palau, Kyota said, but those details have yet to be worked out.
The agreement includes some U.S. aid to Palau, Kyota said, but those details have yet to be worked out.
The agreement includes some U.S. aid to Palau, Kyota said, but those details have yet to be worked out.
The agreement includes some U.S. aid to Palau, Kyota said, but those details have yet to be worked out.
The agreement includes some U.S. aid to Palau, Kyota said, but those details have yet to be worked out.
The agreement includes some U.S. aid to Palau, Kyota said, but those details have yet to be worked out.
The agreement includes some U.S. aid to Palau, Kyota said, but those details have yet to be worked out.
The agreement includes some U.S. aid to Palau, Kyota said, but those details have yet to be worked out.
The agreement includes some U.S. aid to Palau, Kyota said, but those details have yet to be worked out.
The agreement includes some U.S. aid to Palau, Kyota said, but those details have yet to be worked out.
After graduating in architecture from Cairo University in 1990, Atta worked for several years as an urban planner in Cairo. What happened after Atta worked as an urban planner?
After graduating in architecture from Cairo University in 1990, Atta worked for several years as an urban planner in Cairo. What happened after Atta worked as an urban planner?
After graduating in architecture from Cairo University in 1990, Atta worked for several years as an urban planner in Cairo. What happened after Atta worked as an urban planner?
After graduating in architecture from Cairo University in 1990, Atta worked for several years as an urban planner in Cairo. What happened after Atta worked as an urban planner?
After graduating in architecture from Cairo University in 1990, Atta worked for several years as an urban planner in Cairo. What happened after Atta worked as an urban planner?
After graduating in architecture from Cairo University in 1990, Atta worked for several years as an urban planner in Cairo. What happened after Atta worked as an urban planner?
The fossils, which are very different at certain times of the Earth's history, are called index fossils. How many times a year does the average user go to a museum to look at fossils?
The fossils, which are very different at certain times of the Earth's history, are called index fossils. How many times a year does the average user go to a museum to look at fossils?
The fossils, which are very different at certain times of the Earth's history, are called index fossils. How many times a year does the average user go to a museum to look at fossils?
The fossils, which are very different at certain times of the Earth's history, are called index fossils. How many times a year does the average user go to a museum to look at fossils?
The fossils, which are very different at certain times of the Earth's history, are called index fossils. How many times a year does the average user go to a museum to look at fossils?
The fossils, which are very different at certain times of the Earth's history, are called index fossils. How many times a year does the average user go to a museum to look at fossils?
The fossils, which are very different at certain times of the Earth's history, are called index fossils. How many times a year does the average user go to a museum to look at fossils?
The fossils, which are very different at certain times of the Earth's history, are called index fossils. How many times a year does the average user go to a museum to look at fossils?
The fossils, which are very different at certain times of the Earth's history, are called index fossils. How many times a year does the average user go to a museum to look at fossils?
The fossils, which are very different at certain times of the Earth's history, are called index fossils. How many times a year does the average user go to a museum to look at fossils?
The fossils, which are very different at certain times of the Earth's history, are called index fossils. How many times a year does the average user go to a museum to look at fossils?
The fossils, which are very different at certain times of the Earth's history, are called index fossils. How many times a year does the average user go to a museum to look at fossils?
The very different fossils at certain times in the history of the Earth are called index fossils. When were the fossils found?
The very different fossils at certain times in the history of the Earth are called index fossils. When were the fossils found?
The very different fossils at certain times in the history of the Earth are called index fossils. When were the fossils found?
The very different fossils at certain times in the history of the Earth are called index fossils. When were the fossils found?
The very different fossils at certain times in the history of the Earth are called index fossils. When were the fossils found?
The very different fossils at certain times in the history of the Earth are called index fossils. When were the fossils found?
The very different fossils at certain times in the history of the Earth are called index fossils. When were the fossils found?
The very different fossils at certain times in the history of the Earth are called index fossils. When were the fossils found?
The very different fossils at certain times in the history of the Earth are called index fossils. When were the fossils found?
The very different fossils at certain times in the history of the Earth are called index fossils. When were the fossils found?
The very different fossils at certain times in the history of the Earth are called index fossils. When were the fossils found?
The very different fossils at certain times in the history of the Earth are called index fossils. When were the fossils found?
The very different fossils at certain times in the history of the Earth are called index fossils. When were the fossils found?
The very different fossils at certain times in the history of the Earth are called index fossils. When were the fossils found?
The very different fossils at certain times in the history of the Earth are called index fossils. When were the fossils found?
The fossils, which are very different at certain times in Earth's history, are called index fossils. What happened after the fossils were found?
The fossils, which are very different at certain times in Earth's history, are called index fossils. What happened after the fossils were found?
The fossils, which are very different at certain times in Earth's history, are called index fossils. What happened after the fossils were found?
The fossils, which are very different at certain times in Earth's history, are called index fossils. What happened after the fossils were found?
The fossils, which are very different at certain times in Earth's history, are called index fossils. What happened after the fossils were found?
The fossils, which are very different at certain times in Earth's history, are called index fossils. What happened after the fossils were found?
The fossils, which are very different at certain times in Earth's history, are called index fossils. What happened after the fossils were found?
The fossils, which are very different at certain times in Earth's history, are called index fossils. What happened after the fossils were found?
The fossils, which are very different at certain times in the Earth's history, are called index fossils. How long did it take for fossils to be produced?
The fossils, which are very different at certain times in the Earth's history, are called index fossils. How long did it take for fossils to be produced?
The fossils, which are very different at certain times in the Earth's history, are called index fossils. How long did it take for fossils to be produced?
The fossils, which are very different at certain times in the Earth's history, are called index fossils. How long did it take for fossils to be produced?
The fossils, which are very different at certain times in the Earth's history, are called index fossils. How long did it take for fossils to be produced?
The fossils, which are very different at certain times in the Earth's history, are called index fossils. How long did it take for fossils to be produced?
The fossils, which are very different at certain times in the Earth's history, are called index fossils. How long did it take for fossils to be produced?
The fossils, which are very different at certain times in the Earth's history, are called index fossils. How long did it take for fossils to be produced?
The fossils, which are very different at certain times in the Earth's history, are called index fossils. How long did it take for fossils to be produced?
The fossils, which are very different at certain times in the history of the Earth, are called index fossils. Have there always been fossils?
The fossils, which are very different at certain times in the history of the Earth, are called index fossils. Have there always been fossils?
The fossils, which are very different at certain times in the history of the Earth, are called index fossils. Have there always been fossils?
The fossils, which are very different at certain times in the history of the Earth, are called index fossils. Have there always been fossils?
The fossils, which are very different at certain times in the history of the Earth, are called index fossils. Have there always been fossils?
Jerry goes to the pier and throws out his favorite bait: cheese. How many times a week does Perry go to the pier?
Jerry goes to the pier and throws out his favorite bait: cheese. How many times a week does Perry go to the pier?
Jerry goes to the pier and throws out his favorite bait: cheese. How many times a week does Perry go to the pier?
Jerry goes to the pier and throws out his favorite bait: cheese. How many times a week does Perry go to the pier?
Jerry goes to the pier and throws out his favorite bait: cheese. How many times a week does Perry go to the pier?
Jerry goes to the pier and throws out his favorite bait: cheese. How many times a week does Perry go to the pier?
Jerry goes to the pier and throws out his favorite bait: cheese. How many times a week does Perry go to the pier?
Jerry goes to the pier and throws out his favorite bait: cheese. How many times a week does Perry go to the pier?
Jerry goes to the pier and throws out his favorite bait: cheese. How many times a week does Perry go to the pier?
Jerry goes to the pier and throws out his favorite bait: cheese. How much time did Jerry spend at the pier?
Jerry goes to the pier and throws out his favorite bait: cheese. How much time did Jerry spend at the pier?
Jerry goes to the pier and throws out his favorite bait: cheese. How much time did Jerry spend at the pier?
Jerry goes to the pier and throws out his favorite bait: cheese. How much time did Jerry spend at the pier?
Jerry goes to the pier and throws out his favorite bait: cheese. How much time did Jerry spend at the pier?
Jerry goes to the pier and throws out his favorite bait: cheese. How much time did Jerry spend at the pier?
Jerry goes to the pier and throws out his favorite bait: cheese. How much time did Jerry spend at the pier?
Jerry goes to the pier and throws out his favorite bait: cheese. How much time did Jerry spend at the pier?
Jerry goes to the pier and throws out his favorite bait: cheese. How much time did Jerry spend at the pier?
Jerry goes to the pier and throws out his favorite bait: cheese. How much time did Jerry spend at the pier?
Jerry goes to the pier and throws out his favorite bait: cheese. How much time did Jerry spend at the pier?
Jerry goes to the pier and throws out his favorite bait: cheese. How much time did Jerry spend at the pier?
Jerry goes to the pier and throws out his favorite bait: cheese. How much time did Jerry spend at the pier?
Jerry goes to the pier and throws out his favorite bait: cheese. How much time did Jerry spend at the pier?
Jerry goes to the pier and throws out his favorite bait: cheese. How much time did Jerry spend at the pier?
Jerry goes to the pier and throws out his favorite bait: cheese. How much time did Jerry spend at the pier?
Jerry goes to the pier and throws out his favorite bait: cheese. How much time did Jerry spend at the pier?
Jerry goes to the pier and throws out his favorite bait: cheese. How much time did Jerry spend at the pier?
Jerry goes to the pier and throws out his favorite bait: cheese. What did Jerry do after coming home from the pier?
Jerry goes to the pier and throws out his favorite bait: cheese. What did Jerry do after coming home from the pier?
Jerry goes to the pier and throws out his favorite bait: cheese. What did Jerry do after coming home from the pier?
Jerry goes to the pier and throws out his favorite bait: cheese. What did Jerry do after coming home from the pier?
Jerry goes to the pier and throws out his favorite bait: cheese. What did Jerry do after coming home from the pier?
Jerry goes to the pier and throws out his favorite bait: cheese. When did Jerry go to the pier?
Jerry goes to the pier and throws out his favorite bait: cheese. When did Jerry go to the pier?
Jerry goes to the pier and throws out his favorite bait: cheese. When did Jerry go to the pier?
Jerry goes to the pier and throws out his favorite bait: cheese. When did Jerry go to the pier?
Jerry goes to the pier and throws out his favorite bait: cheese. When did Jerry go to the pier?
After he finally slept with Lucrezia, Callimaco confesses everything. How long had Callimaco pursued Lucrezia?
After he finally slept with Lucrezia, Callimaco confesses everything. How long had Callimaco pursued Lucrezia?
After he finally slept with Lucrezia, Callimaco confesses everything. How long had Callimaco pursued Lucrezia?
After he finally slept with Lucrezia, Callimaco confesses everything. How long had Callimaco pursued Lucrezia?
After he finally slept with Lucrezia, Callimaco confesses everything. How long had Callimaco pursued Lucrezia?
After he finally slept with Lucrezia, Callimaco confesses everything. How long had Callimaco pursued Lucrezia?
After he finally slept with Lucrezia, Callimaco confesses everything. How long had Callimaco pursued Lucrezia?
After he finally slept with Lucrezia, Callimaco confesses everything. How long had Callimaco pursued Lucrezia?
After he finally slept with Lucrezia, Callimaco confesses everything. How long had Callimaco pursued Lucrezia?
After he finally slept with Lucrezia, Callimaco confesses everything. How long had Callimaco pursued Lucrezia?
After he finally slept with Lucrezia, Callimaco confesses everything. How long had Callimaco pursued Lucrezia?
After he finally slept with Lucrezia, Callimaco confesses everything. How long had Callimaco pursued Lucrezia?
After he has finally slept with Lucrezia, Callimaco confesses everything. How many times has Callimaco slept with Lucrezia?
After he has finally slept with Lucrezia, Callimaco confesses everything. How many times has Callimaco slept with Lucrezia?
After he has finally slept with Lucrezia, Callimaco confesses everything. How many times has Callimaco slept with Lucrezia?
After he finally slept with Lucrezia, Callimaco confesses everything. When did Callimaco sleep with Lucrezia?
After he finally slept with Lucrezia, Callimaco confesses everything. When did Callimaco sleep with Lucrezia?
After he finally slept with Lucrezia, Callimaco confesses everything. When did Callimaco sleep with Lucrezia?
After he finally slept with Lucrezia, Callimaco confesses everything. When did Callimaco sleep with Lucrezia?
After he finally slept with Lucrezia, Callimaco confesses everything. When did Callimaco sleep with Lucrezia?
After he finally slept with Lucrezia, Callimaco confesses everything. When did Callimaco sleep with Lucrezia?
These rangers were too well trained to be openly curious about their captain's guest. How long did it take to train the rangers?
These rangers were too well trained to be openly curious about their captain's guest. How long did it take to train the rangers?
These rangers were too well trained to be openly curious about their captain's guest. How long did it take to train the rangers?
These rangers were too well trained to be openly curious about their captain's guest. How long did it take to train the rangers?
These rangers were too well trained to be openly curious about their captain's guest. How long did it take to train the rangers?
These rangers were too well trained to be openly curious about their captain's guest. How long did it take to train the rangers?
These rangers were too well trained to be openly curious about their captain's guest. How long did it take to train the rangers?
These rangers were too well trained to be openly curious about their captain's guest.
These rangers were too well trained to be openly curious about their captain's guest.
These rangers were too well trained to be openly curious about their captain's guest.
These rangers were too well trained to be openly curious about their captain's guest.
These rangers were too well trained to appear openly curious about their captain's guest. How often do rangers appear curious?
These rangers were too well trained to appear openly curious about their captain's guest. How often do rangers appear curious?
These rangers were too well trained to appear openly curious about their captain's guest. How often do rangers appear curious?
These rangers were too well trained to be openly curious about their captain's guest. On what day of the week were the rangers trained?
These rangers were too well trained to be openly curious about their captain's guest. On what day of the week were the rangers trained?
These rangers were too well trained to be openly curious about their captain's guest. On what day of the week were the rangers trained?
These rangers were too well trained to be openly curious about their captain's guest. On what day of the week were the rangers trained?
Roberta Adams skipped the thick guidance on custody and sat down at a computer at the Lamoreaux Justice Center in Orange on Wednesday. When did Roberta arrive at the Lamoreaux Justice Center?
Roberta Adams skipped the thick guidance on custody and sat down at a computer at the Lamoreaux Justice Center in Orange on Wednesday. When did Roberta arrive at the Lamoreaux Justice Center?
Roberta Adams skipped the thick guidance on custody and sat down at a computer at the Lamoreaux Justice Center in Orange on Wednesday. When did Roberta arrive at the Lamoreaux Justice Center?
Roberta Adams skipped the thick guidance on custody and sat down at a computer at the Lamoreaux Justice Center in Orange on Wednesday. When did Roberta arrive at the Lamoreaux Justice Center?
Roberta Adams skipped the thick guidance on custody and sat down at a computer at the Lamoreaux Justice Center in Orange on Wednesday. When did Roberta arrive at the Lamoreaux Justice Center?
Roberta Adams skipped the thick guidance on custody and sat down at a computer at the Lamoreaux Justice Center in Orange on Wednesday. When did Roberta arrive at the Lamoreaux Justice Center?
Roberta Adams skipped the thick guidance on custody and sat down at a computer at the Lamoreaux Justice Center in Orange on Wednesday. When did Roberta arrive at the Lamoreaux Justice Center?
Roberta Adams skipped the thick guidance on custody and sat down at a computer at the Lamoreaux Justice Center in Orange on Wednesday. When did Roberta arrive at the Lamoreaux Justice Center?
Roberta Adams skipped the thick guidance on custody and sat down at a computer at the Lamoreaux Justice Center in Orange on Wednesday. When did Roberta arrive at the Lamoreaux Justice Center?
Roberta Adams skipped the thick guidance on custody and sat down at a computer at the Lamoreaux Justice Center in Orange on Wednesday. When did Roberta arrive at the Lamoreaux Justice Center?
Roberta Adams skipped the thick guidance on custody and sat down at a computer at the Lamoreaux Justice Center in Orange on Wednesday. When did Roberta arrive at the Lamoreaux Justice Center?
Roberta Adams skipped the thick guidance on custody and sat down at a computer at the Lamoreaux Justice Center in Orange on Wednesday. What happened after Roberta sat at the computer?
Roberta Adams skipped the thick guidance on custody and sat down at a computer at the Lamoreaux Justice Center in Orange on Wednesday. What happened after Roberta sat at the computer?
Roberta Adams skipped the thick guidance on custody and sat down at a computer at the Lamoreaux Justice Center in Orange on Wednesday. What happened after Roberta sat at the computer?
Roberta Adams skipped the thick guidance on custody and sat down at a computer at the Lamoreaux Justice Center in Orange on Wednesday. What happened after Roberta sat at the computer?
Roberta Adams skipped the thick guidance on custody and sat down at a computer at the Lamoreaux Justice Center in Orange on Wednesday. What happened after Roberta sat at the computer?
Roberta Adams skipped the thick guidance on custody and sat down at a computer at the Lamoreaux Justice Center in Orange on Wednesday. What happened after Roberta sat at the computer?
Roberta Adams skipped the thick guidance on custody and sat down at a computer at the Lamoreaux Justice Center in Orange on Wednesday. What happened after Roberta sat at the computer?
Roberta Adams skipped the thick guidance on custody and sat down at a computer at the Lamoreaux Justice Center in Orange on Wednesday. What happened after Roberta sat at the computer?
Roberta Adams skipped the thick guidance on custody and sat down at a computer at the Lamoreaux Justice Center in Orange on Wednesday. What happened after Roberta sat at the computer?
Roberta Adams skipped the thick guidance on custody forms and sat down at a computer at the Lamoreaux Justice Center in Orange on Wednesday. How long did Roberta sit at the computer?
Roberta Adams skipped the thick guidance on custody forms and sat down at a computer at the Lamoreaux Justice Center in Orange on Wednesday. How long did Roberta sit at the computer?
Roberta Adams skipped the thick guidance on custody forms and sat down at a computer at the Lamoreaux Justice Center in Orange on Wednesday. How long did Roberta sit at the computer?
Roberta Adams skipped the thick guidance on custody forms and sat down at a computer at the Lamoreaux Justice Center in Orange on Wednesday. How long did Roberta sit at the computer?
Roberta Adams skipped the thick guidance on custody forms and sat down at a computer at the Lamoreaux Justice Center in Orange on Wednesday. How long did Roberta sit at the computer?
Roberta Adams skipped the thick guidance on custody forms and sat down at a computer at the Lamoreaux Justice Center in Orange on Wednesday. How long did Roberta sit at the computer?
Roberta Adams skipped the thick guidance on custody forms and sat down at a computer at the Lamoreaux Justice Center in Orange on Wednesday. How long did Roberta sit at the computer?
Roberta Adams skipped the thick guidance on custody forms and sat down at a computer at the Lamoreaux Justice Center in Orange on Wednesday. How long did Roberta sit at the computer?
Roberta Adams skipped the thick guidance on custody forms and sat down at a computer at the Lamoreaux Justice Center in Orange on Wednesday. How long did Roberta sit at the computer?
Roberta Adams skipped the thick guidance on custody forms and sat down at a computer at the Lamoreaux Justice Center in Orange on Wednesday. How long did Roberta sit at the computer?
Roberta Adams skipped the thick guidance on custody forms and sat down at a computer at the Lamoreaux Justice Center in Orange on Wednesday. How long did Roberta sit at the computer?
Roberta Adams skipped the thick guidance on custody forms and sat down at a computer at the Lamoreaux Justice Center in Orange on Wednesday. How long did Roberta sit at the computer?
Roberta Adams skipped the thick guidance on custody forms and sat down at a computer at the Lamoreaux Justice Center in Orange on Wednesday. How long did Roberta sit at the computer?
Roberta Adams skipped the thick guidance on custody forms and sat down at a computer at the Lamoreaux Justice Center in Orange on Wednesday. How long did Roberta sit at the computer?
Roberta Adams skipped the thick guidance on custody forms and sat down at a computer at the Lamoreaux Justice Center in Orange on Wednesday. How long did Roberta sit at the computer?
Roberta Adams skipped the thick guidance on custody and sat down at a computer at the Lamoreaux Justice Center in Orange on Wednesday.
Roberta Adams skipped the thick guidance on custody and sat down at a computer at the Lamoreaux Justice Center in Orange on Wednesday.
To his quiet dismay, his boss turns out to be Toru Akai, who had made Juzo's middle school life hell with his gang. What did Juzo do after discovering that his boss is Toru Akai?
To his quiet dismay, his boss turns out to be Toru Akai, who had made Juzo's middle school life hell with his gang. What did Juzo do after discovering that his boss is Toru Akai?
To his quiet dismay, his boss turns out to be Toru Akai, who had made Juzo's middle school life hell with his gang. What did Juzo do after discovering that his boss is Toru Akai?
To his quiet dismay, his boss turns out to be Toru Akai, who had made Juzo's middle school life hell with his gang. What did Juzo do after discovering that his boss is Toru Akai?
To his quiet dismay, his boss turns out to be Toru Akai, who had made Juzo's middle school life hell with his gang. What did Juzo do after discovering that his boss is Toru Akai?
To his quiet dismay, his boss turns out to be Toru Akai, who had made Juzo's middle school life hell with his gang. What did Juzo do after discovering that his boss is Toru Akai?
To his quiet dismay, his boss turns out to be Toru Akai, who had made Juzo's middle school life hell with his gang. What did Juzo do after discovering that his boss is Toru Akai?
When I brought my face near the shoes, I took a deep breath that my parents had caught while closing the symbol of their love for me. How long did he breathe in the air from the shoes?
When I brought my face near the shoes, I took a deep breath that my parents had caught while closing the symbol of their love for me. How long did he breathe in the air from the shoes?
When I brought my face near the shoes, I took a deep breath that my parents had caught while closing the symbol of their love for me. How long did he breathe in the air from the shoes?
When I brought my face near the shoes, I took a deep breath that my parents had caught while closing the symbol of their love for me. How long did he breathe in the air from the shoes?
When I brought my face near the shoes, I took a deep breath that my parents had caught while closing the symbol of their love for me. How long did he breathe in the air from the shoes?
When I brought my face near the shoes, I took a deep breath that my parents had caught while closing the symbol of their love for me. How long did he breathe in the air from the shoes?
When I brought my face near the shoes, I took a deep breath that my parents had caught while closing the symbol of their love for me. How long did he breathe in the air from the shoes?
When I brought my face near the shoes, I took a deep breath that my parents had caught while closing the symbol of their love for me. How long did he breathe in the air from the shoes?
When I brought my face near the shoes, I took a deep breath that my parents had caught while closing the symbol of their love for me. How long did he breathe in the air from the shoes?
When I brought my face near the shoes, I took a deep breath that my parents had caught while closing the symbol of their love for me. How long did he breathe in the air from the shoes?
When I brought my face near the shoes, I took a deep breath that my parents had caught while closing the symbol of their love for me. How long did he breathe in the air from the shoes?
When I brought my face near the shoes, I took a deep breath that my parents had caught while closing the symbol of their love for me. How long did he breathe in the air from the shoes?
When I brought my face near the shoes, I took a deep breath that my parents had caught while closing the symbol of their love for me. How long did he breathe in the air from the shoes?
When I brought my face near the shoes, I took a deep breath that my parents had caught while closing the symbol of their love for me. How long did he breathe in the air from the shoes?
When I brought my face near the shoes, I took a deep breath that my parents had caught while closing the symbol of their love for me. How long did he breathe in the air from the shoes?
When I brought my face near the shoes, I took a deep breath that my parents had caught while closing the symbol of their love for me. How long did he breathe in the air from the shoes?
When I brought my face near the shoes, I took a deep breath that my parents had caught while closing the symbol of their love for me. How long did he breathe in the air from the shoes?
When I brought my face near the shoes, I took a deep breath that my parents had caught while they closed the symbol of their love for me. Is he still holding the shoes in his face?
After meeting Maharishi Mahesh Yogi, the Beatles quickly returned to London, and in a press conference they said they had made a mistake in trusting Maharishi. When did the Beetles hold their press conference?
After meeting Maharishi Mahesh Yogi, the Beatles quickly returned to London, and in a press conference they said they had made a mistake in trusting Maharishi. When did the Beetles hold their press conference?
After meeting Maharishi Mahesh Yogi, the Beatles quickly returned to London, and in a press conference they said they had made a mistake in trusting Maharishi. When did the Beetles hold their press conference?
After meeting Maharishi Mahesh Yogi, the Beatles quickly returned to London, and in a press conference they said they had made a mistake in trusting Maharishi. When did the Beetles hold their press conference?
After meeting Maharishi Mahesh Yogi, the Beatles quickly returned to London, and in a press conference they said they had made a mistake in trusting Maharishi. When did the Beetles hold their press conference?
After meeting Maharishi Mahesh Yogi, the Beatles quickly returned to London, and in a press conference they said they had made a mistake in trusting Maharishi. When did the Beetles hold their press conference?
After meeting Maharishi Mahesh Yogi, the Beatles quickly returned to London, and in a press conference they said they had made a mistake in trusting Maharishi. When did the Beetles hold their press conference?
After meeting Maharishi Mahesh Yogi, the Beatles quickly returned to London, and in a press conference they said they had made a mistake in trusting Maharishi. When did the Beetles hold their press conference?
After meeting Maharishi Mahesh Yogi, the Beatles quickly returned to London, and in a press conference they said they had made a mistake in trusting Maharishi.
After meeting Maharishi Mahesh Yogi, the Beatles quickly returned to London, and in a press conference they said they had made a mistake in trusting Maharishi.
After meeting Maharishi Mahesh Yogi, the Beatles quickly returned to London, and in a press conference they said they had made a mistake in trusting Maharishi.
After meeting Maharishi Mahesh Yogi, the Beatles quickly returned to London, and in a press conference they said they had made a mistake in trusting Maharishi.
After meeting Maharishi Mahesh Yogi, the Beatles quickly returned to London, and in a press conference they said they had made a mistake in trusting Maharishi.
After meeting Maharishi Mahesh Yogi, the Beatles quickly returned to London, and in a press conference they said they had made a mistake in trusting Maharishi.
After meeting Maharishi Mahesh Yogi, the Beatles quickly returned to London, and in a press conference they said they had made a mistake in trusting Maharishi. How long did the Beetles meet Maharishi Mahesh Yogi?
After meeting Maharishi Mahesh Yogi, the Beatles quickly returned to London, and in a press conference they said they had made a mistake in trusting Maharishi. How long did the Beetles meet Maharishi Mahesh Yogi?
After meeting Maharishi Mahesh Yogi, the Beatles quickly returned to London, and in a press conference they said they had made a mistake in trusting Maharishi. How long did the Beetles meet Maharishi Mahesh Yogi?
After meeting Maharishi Mahesh Yogi, the Beatles quickly returned to London, and in a press conference they said they had made a mistake in trusting Maharishi. How long did the Beetles meet Maharishi Mahesh Yogi?
After meeting Maharishi Mahesh Yogi, the Beatles quickly returned to London, and in a press conference they said they had made a mistake in trusting Maharishi. How long did the Beetles meet Maharishi Mahesh Yogi?
He had never had a pet before, but was always excited to see the other dogs and cats in his neighborhood.
He had never had a pet before, but was always excited to see the other dogs and cats in his neighborhood.
He had never had a pet before, but was always excited to see the other dogs and cats in his neighborhood.
He had never had a pet before, but was always excited to see the other dogs and cats in his neighborhood.
He had never had a pet before, but was always excited to see the other dogs and cats in his neighborhood.
He had never had a pet before, but was always excited to see the other dogs and cats in his neighborhood.
He had never had a pet before, but was always excited to see the other dogs and cats in his neighborhood.
He had never had a pet before, but was always excited to see the other dogs and cats in his neighborhood.
He had never had a pet before, but was always excited to see the other dogs and cats in his neighborhood.
He had never had a pet before, but was always excited to see the other dogs and cats in his neighborhood.
He had never had a pet before, but was always excited to see the other dogs and cats in his neighborhood.
He had never had a pet before, but was always excited to see the other dogs and cats in his neighborhood.
He had never had a pet before, but was always excited to see the other dogs and cats in his neighborhood.
He had never had a pet before, but was always excited to see the other dogs and cats in his neighborhood.
He had never had a pet before, but was always excited to see the other dogs and cats in his neighborhood.
He had never had a pet before, but was always excited to see the other dogs and cats in his neighborhood.
He had never had a pet before, but was always excited to see the other dogs and cats in his neighborhood.
He had never had pets before, but was always excited to see the other dogs and cats in his neighborhood. When he most often sees dogs and cats.
He had never had pets before, but was always excited to see the other dogs and cats in his neighborhood. When he most often sees dogs and cats.
He had never had pets before, but was always excited to see the other dogs and cats in his neighborhood. When he most often sees dogs and cats.
He had never had pets before, but was always excited to see the other dogs and cats in his neighborhood. When he most often sees dogs and cats.
He had never had pets before, but was always excited to see the other dogs and cats in his neighborhood. When he most often sees dogs and cats.
He had never had pets before, but was always excited to see the other dogs and cats in his neighborhood. When he most often sees dogs and cats.
Of those found guilty, the majority were ordered to pay court costs and a $100 fine.
Of those found guilty, the majority were ordered to pay court costs and a $100 fine.
Of those found guilty, the majority were ordered to pay court costs and a $100 fine.
Of those found guilty, the majority were ordered to pay court costs and a $100 fine.
Of those found guilty, the majority were ordered to pay court costs and a $100 fine.
Of those found guilty, the majority were ordered to pay court costs and a $100 fine.
Of those found guilty, the majority were ordered to pay court costs and a $100 fine.
Of those found guilty, the majority were ordered to pay court costs and a $100 fine.
Of those found guilty, the majority were ordered to pay court costs and a $100 fine.
Of those found guilty, the majority were ordered to pay court costs plus a fine of $100. How long were they in court?
Of those found guilty, the majority were ordered to pay court costs plus a fine of $100. How long were they in court?
Of those found guilty, the majority were ordered to pay court costs plus a fine of $100. How long were they in court?
Of those found guilty, the majority were ordered to pay court costs plus a fine of $100. How long were they in court?
Of those found guilty, the majority were ordered to pay court costs plus a fine of $100. How long were they in court?
Of those found guilty, the majority were ordered to pay court costs plus a fine of $100. How long were they in court?
Of those found guilty, the majority were ordered to pay court costs plus a fine of $100. How long were they in court?
Of those found guilty, the majority were ordered to pay court costs plus a fine of $100. How long were they in court?
Of those found guilty, the majority were ordered to pay court costs plus a fine of $100. How long were they in court?
Of those found guilty, the majority were ordered to pay court costs, plus a $100 fine. Were they still guilty of the crime the next day?
Of those found guilty, the majority were ordered to pay court costs, plus a $100 fine. Were they still guilty of the crime the next day?
Of those found guilty, the majority were ordered to pay court costs, plus a $100 fine. Were they still guilty of the crime the next day?
Of those found guilty, the majority were ordered to pay court costs, plus a $100 fine. Were they still guilty of the crime the next day?
It also has many continents that are much older than ocean basins. Do the continents still exist today?
It also has many continents that are much older than ocean basins. How often are continents created?
It also has many continents that are much older than ocean basins. How often are continents created?
It also has many continents that are much older than ocean basins. How often are continents created?
It also has many continents that are much older than ocean basins. How often are continents created?
It also has many continents that are much older than ocean basins. How often are continents created?
It also has many continents that are much older than ocean basins. How often are continents created?
It also has many continents that are much older than ocean basins. How often are continents created?
It also has many continents that are much older than ocean basins. How often are continents created?
It also has many continents that are much older than ocean basins. How often are continents created?
It also has many continents that are much older than ocean basins. How often are continents created?
It also has many continents that are much older than ocean basins. How often are continents created?
It also has many continents that are much older than ocean basins. How often are continents created?
It also has many continents that are much older than ocean basins. How often are continents created?
It also has many continents that are much older than ocean basins. How long have these continents been around?
It also has many continents that are much older than ocean basins. How long have these continents been around?
It also has many continents that are much older than ocean basins. How long have these continents been around?
It also has many continents that are much older than ocean basins. How long have these continents been around?
It also has many continents that are much older than ocean basins. How long have these continents been around?
It also has many continents that are much older than ocean basins. How long have these continents been around?
It also has many continents that are much older than ocean basins. How long have these continents been around?
It also has many continents that are much older than ocean basins. How long have these continents been around?
It also has many continents that are much older than ocean basins. How long have these continents been around?
It also has many continents that are much older than ocean basins. How long have these continents been around?
It also has many continents that are much older than ocean basins. How long have these continents been around?
It also has many continents that are much older than ocean basins. How long have these continents been around?
It also has many continents that are much older than ocean basins. How long have these continents been around?
It also has many continents that are much older than ocean basins. How long have these continents been around?
It also has many continents that are much older than ocean basins. How long have these continents been around?
It also has many continents that are much older than ocean basins. How long have these continents been around?
It also has many continents that are much older than ocean basins. What happened before the continents existed?
It also has many continents that are much older than ocean basins. What happened before the continents existed?
It also has many continents that are much older than ocean basins. What happened before the continents existed?
It also has many continents that are much older than ocean basins. What happened before the continents existed?
It used to offer $13.65 per share in cash, or $29 million. Does it now offer $13.65 in cash?
So far, it has offered $13.65 per share in cash, or $29 million. How often do they change how much they offer per share?
So far, it has offered $13.65 per share in cash, or $29 million. How often do they change how much they offer per share?
So far, it has offered $13.65 per share in cash, or $29 million. How often do they change how much they offer per share?
So far, it has offered $13.65 per share in cash, or $29 million. How often do they change how much they offer per share?
So far, it has offered $13.65 per share in cash, or $29 million. How often do they change how much they offer per share?
So far, it has offered $13.65 per share in cash, or $29 million. How often do they change how much they offer per share?
So far, it has offered $13.65 per share in cash, or $29 million. How often do they change how much they offer per share?
So far, it has offered $13.65 per share in cash, or $29 million. How often do they change how much they offer per share?
So far, it has offered $13.65 per share in cash, or $29 million. How often do they change how much they offer per share?
So far, it has offered $13.65 per share in cash, or $29 million. How often do they change how much they offer per share?
So far, it has offered $13.65 per share in cash, or $29 million. How often do they change how much they offer per share?
So far, it has offered $13.65 per share in cash, or $29 million. How often do they change how much they offer per share?
It used to offer $13.65 per share in cash, or $29 million. When did they stop offering $13.65 per share?
It used to offer $13.65 per share in cash, or $29 million. When did they stop offering $13.65 per share?
It used to offer $13.65 per share in cash, or $29 million. When did they stop offering $13.65 per share?
It used to offer $13.65 per share in cash, or $29 million. When did they stop offering $13.65 per share?
It used to offer $13.65 per share in cash, or $29 million. When did they stop offering $13.65 per share?
It used to offer $13.65 per share in cash, or $29 million. When did they stop offering $13.65 per share?
The letterhead on the correspondence still bears the name Bexar County Legal Aid, even though the organization no longer exists. How often is the correspondence used?
The letterhead on the correspondence still bears the name Bexar County Legal Aid, even though the organization no longer exists. How often is the correspondence used?
The letterhead on the correspondence still bears the name Bexar County Legal Aid, even though the organization no longer exists. How often is the correspondence used?
The letterhead on the correspondence still bears the name Bexar County Legal Aid, even though the organization no longer exists. How often is the correspondence used?
The letterhead on the correspondence still bears the name Bexar County Legal Aid, even though the organization no longer exists. How often is the correspondence used?
The letterhead on the correspondence still bears the name Bexar County Legal Aid, even though the organization no longer exists. How often is the correspondence used?
The letterhead on the correspondence still bears the name Bexar County Legal Aid, even though the organization no longer exists. How often is the correspondence used?
The letterhead on the correspondence still bears the name Bexar County Legal Aid, although the organization no longer exists.
The letterhead on the correspondence still bears the name Bexar County Legal Aid, although the organization no longer exists.
The letterhead on the correspondence still bears the name Bexar County Legal Aid, although the organization no longer exists.
The letterhead on the correspondence still bears the name Bexar County Legal Aid, although the organization no longer exists.
The letterhead on the correspondence still bears the name Bexar County Legal Aid, although the organization no longer exists.
The letterhead on the correspondence still bears the name Bexar County Legal Aid, although the organization no longer exists.
The letterhead on the correspondence still bears the name Bexar County Legal Aid, although the organization no longer exists.
The letterhead on the correspondence still bears the name Bexar County Legal Aid, although the organization no longer exists.
The letterhead on the correspondence still bears the name Bexar County Legal Aid, although the organization no longer exists.
The letterhead on the correspondence still bears the name Bexar County Legal Aid, although the organization no longer exists. When was the letterhead printed?
The letterhead on the correspondence still bears the name Bexar County Legal Aid, although the organization no longer exists. When was the letterhead printed?
The letterhead on the correspondence still bears the name Bexar County Legal Aid, although the organization no longer exists. When was the letterhead printed?
The letterhead on the correspondence still bears the name Bexar County Legal Aid, although the organization no longer exists. When was the letterhead printed?
The letterhead on the correspondence still bears the name Bexar County Legal Aid, although the organization no longer exists. When was the letterhead printed?
The letterhead on the correspondence still bears the name Bexar County Legal Aid, although the organization no longer exists. When was the letterhead printed?
The letterhead on the correspondence still bears the name Bexar County Legal Aid, although the organization no longer exists. When was the letterhead printed?
The letterhead on the correspondence still bears the name Bexar County Legal Aid, although the organization no longer exists. When was the letterhead printed?
The letterhead on the correspondence still bears the name Bexar County Legal Aid, even though the organization no longer exists. How long has the organization been active?
The letterhead on the correspondence still bears the name Bexar County Legal Aid, even though the organization no longer exists. How long has the organization been active?
The letterhead on the correspondence still bears the name Bexar County Legal Aid, even though the organization no longer exists. How long has the organization been active?
The letterhead on the correspondence still bears the name Bexar County Legal Aid, even though the organization no longer exists. How long has the organization been active?
The letterhead on the correspondence still bears the name Bexar County Legal Aid, even though the organization no longer exists. How long has the organization been active?
The letterhead on the correspondence still bears the name Bexar County Legal Aid, even though the organization no longer exists. How long has the organization been active?
The letterhead on the correspondence still bears the name Bexar County Legal Aid, even though the organization no longer exists. How long has the organization been active?
The letterhead on the correspondence still bears the name Bexar County Legal Aid, even though the organization no longer exists. How long has the organization been active?
The letterhead on the correspondence still bears the name Bexar County Legal Aid, even though the organization no longer exists. How long has the organization been active?
The letterhead on the correspondence still bears the name Bexar County Legal Aid, even though the organization no longer exists. How long has the organization been active?
Fossils tell an obscure story of the slow and sporadic development of humans. How long does it take for a fossil to form?
Fossils tell an obscure story of the slow and sporadic development of humans. How long does it take for a fossil to form?
Fossils tell an obscure story of the slow and sporadic development of humans. How long does it take for a fossil to form?
Fossils tell an obscure story of the slow and sporadic development of humans. How long does it take for a fossil to form?
Fossils tell an obscure story of the slow and sporadic development of humans. How long does it take for a fossil to form?
Fossils tell an obscure story of the slow and sporadic development of humans. How long does it take for a fossil to form?
Fossils tell an obscure story of the slow and sporadic development of humans. How long does it take for a fossil to form?
Fossils tell an obscure story of the slow and sporadic development of humans. How long does it take for a fossil to form?
Fossils tell an obscure story of the slow and sporadic development of humans. How long does it take for a fossil to form?
Fossils tell an obscure story of the slow and sporadic development of humans. How long does it take for a fossil to form?
Fossils tell an obscure story of the slow and sporadic development of humans. How long does it take for a fossil to form?
Fossils tell an obscure story of the slow and sporadic evolution of man. Was the animal born before the fossil was created?
Fossils tell an obscure story of the slow and sporadic evolution of man. Was the animal born before the fossil was created?
Fossils tell an obscure story of the slow and sporadic evolution of man. How often is a new fossil found that is really important for our thinking?
Fossils tell an obscure story of the slow and sporadic evolution of man. How often is a new fossil found that is really important for our thinking?
Fossils tell an obscure story of the slow and sporadic evolution of man. How often is a new fossil found that is really important for our thinking?
Fossils tell an obscure story of the slow and sporadic evolution of man. How often is a new fossil found that is really important for our thinking?
Fossils tell an obscure story of the slow and sporadic evolution of man. How often is a new fossil found that is really important for our thinking?
Fossils tell an obscure story of the slow and sporadic evolution of man. How often is a new fossil found that is really important for our thinking?
Fossils tell an obscure story of the slow and sporadic evolution of man. How often is a new fossil found that is really important for our thinking?
Fossils tell an obscure story of the slow and sporadic evolution of man. How often is a new fossil found that is really important for our thinking?
Fossils tell an obscure story of the slow and sporadic evolution of man. How often is a new fossil found that is really important for our thinking?
Fossils tell an obscure story of the slow and sporadic evolution of man. How often is a new fossil found that is really important for our thinking?
Fossils tell an obscure story of the slow and sporadic evolution of man. How often is a new fossil found that is really important for our thinking?
Fossils tell an obscure story of the slow and sporadic evolution of man. How often is a new fossil found that is really important for our thinking?
Fossils tell an obscure story of the slow and sporadic evolution of man. How often is a new fossil found that is really important for our thinking?
Fossils tell an obscure story of the slow and sporadic development of man. At what time of day would a typical fossil excavation begin?
Fossils tell an obscure story of the slow and sporadic development of man. At what time of day would a typical fossil excavation begin?
Fossils tell an obscure story of the slow and sporadic development of man. At what time of day would a typical fossil excavation begin?
Fossils tell an obscure story of the slow and sporadic development of man. At what time of day would a typical fossil excavation begin?
Fossils tell an obscure story of the slow and sporadic development of man. At what time of day would a typical fossil excavation begin?
Fossils tell an obscure story of the slow and sporadic development of man. At what time of day would a typical fossil excavation begin?
Fossils tell an obscure story of the slow and sporadic development of man. At what time of day would a typical fossil excavation begin?
In typography, Durer represents the geometric construction of the Latin alphabet, drawing on Italian precedents. How long does it take Durer to complete the geometric construction?
In typography, Durer represents the geometric construction of the Latin alphabet, drawing on Italian precedents. How long does it take Durer to complete the geometric construction?
In typography, Durer represents the geometric construction of the Latin alphabet, drawing on Italian precedents. How long does it take Durer to complete the geometric construction?
In typography, Durer represents the geometric construction of the Latin alphabet, drawing on Italian precedents. How long does it take Durer to complete the geometric construction?
In typography, Durer represents the geometric construction of the Latin alphabet, drawing on Italian precedents. How long does it take Durer to complete the geometric construction?
In typography, Durer represents the geometric construction of the Latin alphabet, drawing on Italian precedents. How long does it take Durer to complete the geometric construction?
In typography, Durer depicts the geometric construction of the Latin alphabet, drawing on Italian precedents. What does Durer do after that?
In typography, Durer depicts the geometric construction of the Latin alphabet, drawing on Italian precedents. What does Durer do after that?
In typography, Durer depicts the geometric construction of the Latin alphabet, drawing on Italian precedents. What does Durer do after that?
In typography, Durer represents the geometric construction of the Latin alphabet, drawing on Italian precedents. How often does Durer represent the construction?
In typography, Durer represents the geometric construction of the Latin alphabet, drawing on Italian precedents. How often does Durer represent the construction?
In typography, Durer represents the geometric construction of the Latin alphabet, drawing on Italian precedents. How often does Durer represent the construction?
In typography, Durer represents the geometric construction of the Latin alphabet, drawing on Italian precedents. How often does Durer represent the construction?
In the region around Genoa, he recruited a thousand men to take part in a seemingly desperate undertaking. How often do the men undertake desperate undertakings?
In the region around Genoa, he recruited a thousand men to take part in a seemingly desperate undertaking. How often do the men undertake desperate undertakings?
In the region around Genoa, he recruited a thousand men to take part in a seemingly desperate undertaking. How often do the men undertake desperate undertakings?
In the region around Genoa, he recruited a thousand men to take part in a desperate undertaking. What happened after the men had been registered for the desperate undertaking?
In the region around Genoa, he recruited a thousand men to take part in a desperate undertaking. What happened after the men had been registered for the desperate undertaking?
In the region around Genoa, he recruited a thousand men to take part in a desperate undertaking. What happened after the men had been registered for the desperate undertaking?
In the region around Genoa, he recruited a thousand men to take part in a desperate undertaking. What happened after the men had been registered for the desperate undertaking?
In the region around Genoa, he recruited a thousand men to take part in a desperate undertaking. What happened after the men had been registered for the desperate undertaking?
In the region around Genoa, he recruited a thousand men to take part in a desperate undertaking. What happened after the men had been registered for the desperate undertaking?
In the region around Genoa, he recruited a thousand men to take part in a desperate undertaking. What happened after the men had been registered for the desperate undertaking?
In the region around Genoa, he recruited a thousand men to take part in a desperate undertaking. What happened after the men had been registered for the desperate undertaking?
In the region around Genoa, he recruited a thousand men to take part in a desperate undertaking. What happened after the men had been registered for the desperate undertaking?
In the region around Genoa, he recruited a thousand men to take part in a desperate undertaking. What happened after the men had been registered for the desperate undertaking?
In the region around Genoa, he recruited a thousand men to take part in a desperate undertaking. What happened after the men had been registered for the desperate undertaking?
In the region around Genoa, he recruited a thousand men to take part in a desperate undertaking. What happened after the men had been registered for the desperate undertaking?
In the region around Genoa, he recruited a thousand men to take part in a desperate undertaking. What happened after the men had been registered for the desperate undertaking?
In the region around Genoa, he recruited a thousand men to take part in a desperate undertaking. What happened after the men had been registered for the desperate undertaking?
In the region around Genoa, he recruited a thousand men to take part in a desperate undertaking: how long did the desperate undertaking last?
In the region around Genoa, he recruited a thousand men to take part in a desperate undertaking: how long did the desperate undertaking last?
In the region around Genoa, he recruited a thousand men to take part in a desperate undertaking: how long did the desperate undertaking last?
In the region around Genoa, he recruited a thousand men to take part in a desperate undertaking: how long did the desperate undertaking last?
In the region around Genoa, he recruited a thousand men to take part in a desperate undertaking: how long did the desperate undertaking last?
In the region around Genoa, he recruited a thousand men to take part in a desperate undertaking: how long did the desperate undertaking last?
In the region around Genoa, he recruited a thousand men to take part in a desperate undertaking: how long did the desperate undertaking last?
In the region around Genoa, he recruited a thousand men to take part in a desperate undertaking: how long did the desperate undertaking last?
They packed the car and drove to the library, ready for a fun morning. When did they come to the library?
They packed the car and drove to the library, ready for a fun morning. When did they come to the library?
They packed the car and drove to the library, ready for a fun morning. When did they come to the library?
They packed the car and drove to the library, ready for a fun morning. When did they come to the library?
They packed the car and drove to the library, ready for a fun morning. When did they come to the library?
They packed the car and drove to the library, ready for a fun morning. When did they come to the library?
They packed the car and drove to the library, ready for a fun morning. When did they come to the library?
They packed the car and drove to the library, ready for a fun morning. How often do they go to the library?
They packed the car and drove to the library, ready for a fun morning. How often do they go to the library?
They packed the car and drove to the library, ready for a fun morning. How often do they go to the library?
They packed the car and drove to the library, ready for a fun morning. How often do they go to the library?
They packed the car and drove to the library, ready for a fun morning. How often do they go to the library?
They packed the car and drove to the library, ready for a fun morning. How often do they go to the library?
They packed the car and drove to the library, ready for a fun morning. How often do they go to the library?
They packed the car and drove to the library, ready for a fun morning. How often do they go to the library?
They packed the car and drove to the library, ready for a fun morning. How often do they go to the library?
They packed the car and drove to the library, ready for a fun morning. How often do they go to the library?
They packed the car and drove to the library, ready for a fun morning. How often do they go to the library?
They packed the car and drove to the library, ready for a fun morning. How often do they go to the library?
They packed the car and drove to the library, ready for a fun morning. How often do they go to the library?
They packed the car and drove to the library, ready for a fun morning. How often do they go to the library?
They packed the car and drove to the library, ready for a fun morning. How often do they go to the library?
They packed the car and drove to the library, ready for a fun morning. How often do they go to the library?
They packed the car and drove to the library, ready for a fun morning. How often do they go to the library?
They packed the car and drove to the library, ready for a fun morning. How often do they go to the library?
They packed the car and drove to the library, ready for a fun morning. How often do they go to the library?
They packed the car and drove to the library, ready for a fun morning. How long was the drive?
They packed the car and drove to the library, ready for a fun morning. How long was the drive?
They packed the car and drove to the library, ready for a fun morning. How long was the drive?
They packed the car and drove to the library, ready for a fun morning. How long was the drive?
They packed the car and drove to the library, ready for a fun morning. How long was the drive?
They packed the car and drove to the library, ready for a fun morning. How long was the drive?
They packed the car and drove to the library, ready for a fun morning. How long was the drive?
They packed the car and drove to the library, ready for a fun morning. How long was the drive?
They packed the car and drove to the library, ready for a fun morning. How long was the drive?
They packed the car and drove to the library, ready for a fun morning. How long was the drive?
They packed the car and drove to the library, ready for a fun morning. What did they do after the morning?
They packed the car and drove to the library, ready for a fun morning. What did they do after the morning?
They packed the car and drove to the library, ready for a fun morning. What did they do after the morning?
They packed the car and drove to the library, ready for a fun morning. What did they do after the morning?
They packed the car and drove to the library, ready for a fun morning. What did they do after the morning?
He turned around and the eyes of the financier and the stenographer met in the courtroom. How long did they look at each other?
He turned around and the eyes of the financier and the stenographer met in the courtroom. How long did they look at each other?
He turned around and the eyes of the financier and the stenographer met in the courtroom. How long did they look at each other?
He turned around and the eyes of the financier and the stenographer met in the courtroom. How long did they look at each other?
He turned around and the eyes of the financier and the stenographer met in the courtroom. How long did they look at each other?
He turned around and the eyes of the financier and the stenographer met in the courtroom. How long did they look at each other?
He turned around and the eyes of the financier and the stenographer met in the courtroom. How long did they look at each other?
He turned around and the eyes of the financier and the stenographer met in the courtroom. How long did they look at each other?
He turned around and the eyes of the financier and the stenographer met in the courtroom. How long did they look at each other?
He turned around and the eyes of the financier and the stenographer met in the courtroom. How long did they look at each other?
He turned around and the eyes of the financier and the stenographer met in the courtroom. How long did they look at each other?
He turned around and the eyes of the financier and the stenographer met in the courtroom. Did they keep looking at each other?
He turned around and the eyes of the financier and the stenographer met in the courtroom. Did they keep looking at each other?
He turned around and the eyes of the financier and the stenographer met in the courtroom. Did they keep looking at each other?
He turned around and the eyes of the financier and the stenographer met in the courtroom. Did they keep looking at each other?
He turned around and the eyes of the financier and the stenographer met in the courtroom. Did they keep looking at each other?
He turned around and the eyes of the financier and the stenographer met in the courtroom. Did they keep looking at each other?
He turned around and the eyes of the financier and the stenographer met in the courtroom. Did they keep looking at each other?
He also made various proposals on the original programmes. When were the first programmes adopted?
He also made various proposals on the original programmes. When were the first programmes adopted?
He also made various proposals on the original programmes. When were the first programmes adopted?
He also made various proposals on the original programmes. When were the first programmes adopted?
He also made various proposals on the original programmes; how long did it take him to make his proposals?
He also made various proposals on the original programmes; how long did it take him to make his proposals?
He also made various proposals on the original programmes; how long did it take him to make his proposals?
He also made various proposals on the original programmes; how long did it take him to make his proposals?
He also made various proposals on the original programmes; how long did it take him to make his proposals?
He also made various proposals on the original programmes. What happened after he submitted his proposals?
He also made various proposals on the original programmes. What happened after he submitted his proposals?
He also made various proposals on the original programmes. What happened after he submitted his proposals?
He also made various proposals on the original programmes. What happened after he submitted his proposals?
He also made various proposals on the original programmes. How often do they accept proposals for programmes?
He also made various proposals on the original programmes. How often do they accept proposals for programmes?
He also made various proposals on the original programmes. How often do they accept proposals for programmes?
He also made various proposals on the original programmes. How often do they accept proposals for programmes?
He also made various proposals on the original programmes. How often do they accept proposals for programmes?
He also made various proposals on the original programmes. How often do they accept proposals for programmes?
He also made various proposals on the original programmes. How often do they accept proposals for programmes?
He also made various proposals on the original programmes. How often do they accept proposals for programmes?
He also made various proposals on the original programmes. How often do they accept proposals for programmes?
He also made various proposals on the original programmes. How often do they accept proposals for programmes?
He also made various proposals on the original programmes. How often do they accept proposals for programmes?
