Suspected bombs exploded outside the U.S. embassies in the Kenyan and Tanzanian capitals Friday , killing dozens of people , witnesses said .	Suspected bombs exploded outside the U.S. embassies in the capitals of Kenya and Tanzania on Friday, killing dozens of people, witnesses said.
The American ambassador to Kenya was among hundreds injured , a local TV said .	The American ambassador to Kenya was among hundreds injured, local television reported.
`` It was definitely a bomb , '' said a U.S. Embassy official in Nairobi , who refused to identify himself .	"It was definitely a bomb," said a U.S. Embassy official in Nairobi who did not want to be identified.
`` You can see a huge crater behind the building , and a bomb went off at the embassy in Tanzania at the same time , '' he said .	"You can see a huge crater behind the building and at the same time a bomb exploded in the embassy in Tanzania," he said.
Terrorist bombings at U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania blew apart buildings and buses , trapping people under slabs of concrete and twisted steel that rescuers cleared with cranes , blow torches and bare hands .	Terrorist attacks on US embassies in Kenya and Tanzania blew up buildings and buses, trapping people under concrete slabs and twisted steel that rescuers cleared with cranes, flashlights and bare hands.
At least 82 were killed and more than 1,700 injured , officials said as dawn broke Saturday .	At least 82 people were killed and more than 1,700 injured, authorities said at dawn on Saturday.
Dozens of people were still missing , however , and the death toll was expected to rise , they said .	Dozens of people are still missing and the death toll is expected to rise, it said.
The suspected car bombings occurred 700 kilometers ( 450 miles ) from each other but just minutes apart on Friday , turning busy streets in two African capitals into bloody piles of concrete and knots of steel .	The suspected car bomb attacks occurred 700 kilometres apart on Friday, but only minutes apart, turning busy streets in two African capitals into bloody piles of concrete and steel knots.
`` This appears to have been a very well-coordinated , very well-planned attack _ clearly not the work of amateurs , '' U.S. National Security Council spokesman P.J. Crowley said in Washington .	"This appears to have been a very well-coordinated, very well-planned attack - clearly not the work of amateurs," U.S. National Security Council spokesman P.J. Crowley said in Washington.
No one has claimed responsibility .	No one has claimed responsibility.
( 0735 GMT ) Friday , toppling a crowded building toward the embassy and a street packed with cars , trucks and buses .	(0735 GMT) on Friday, bringing down a crowded building toward the embassy and a street full of cars, trucks and buses.
At least 75 people were killed and 1,643 wounded there , Red Cross and ambulance officials said .	At least 75 people were killed and 1,643 injured there, Red Cross and emergency services officials said.
The bomb outside the U.S. Embassy in Tanzania was so powerful that it shook furniture in homes a mile away .	The bomb outside the U.S. Embassy in Tanzania was so powerful it shook furniture in homes a mile away.
But the solid construction of the Israeli-built embassy may have prevented the carnage of a similar bomb in Kenya , an official said Saturday .	But the solid construction of the Israeli-built embassy may have prevented the carnage of a similar bomb in Kenya, an official said Saturday.
The embassy away from the center of Dar es Salaam , Tanzania 's laid-back capital of swaying palms and sparse traffic , is largely free from the congestion that plagues most other major African cities .	The embassy outside the center of Dar es Salaam, Tanzania's laid-back capital with swaying palm trees and little traffic, is largely free of the congestion that plagues most other major African cities.
KENYA : Total Dead : 192 Americans : 12 Injured : 4,877 Hospitalized : 542 Treated and discharged : 4,257	KENYA: Total deaths: 192 Americans: 12 Injured: 4,877 Hospitalizations: 542 Treated and discharged: 4,257
TANZANIA : Total dead : 10 Americans : 0 Injured : 74 Hospitalized : 6	TANZANIA: Total deaths: 10 Americans: 0 Injured: 74 Hospitalizations: 6
Philippine President Joseph Estrada on Tuesday condemned the bombings of the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania and offered condolences to the victims and their families .	Philippine President Joseph Estrada on Tuesday condemned the bombings of the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania and offered his condolences to the victims and their families.
`` We extend our heartfelt sympathies to the victims of these outrages and to their families in Kenya , Tanzania and the United States , '' Estrada said in a statement .	"We extend our deepest condolences to the victims of these atrocities and their families in Kenya, Tanzania and the United States," Estrada said in a statement.
`` No cause is so great that it can justify wanton murder and maiming of the innocent . ''	"No cause is so great as to justify wanton murder and mutilation of innocents."
In all , the bombings in Kenya and Tanzania last week claimed at least 217 lives and injured nearly 5,000 .	In total, bombings in Kenya and Tanzania last week killed at least 217 people and injured nearly 5,000.
The Security Council condemned the bombing of the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania on Thursday and called on all states to cooperate with authorities in finding those responsible .	The Security Council on Thursday condemned the bombing of the US embassies in Kenya and Tanzania and called on all states to cooperate with authorities in the search for those responsible.
A resolution , co-sponsored by Kenya , Tanzania and the United States and unanimously adopted , `` expresses its deep sorrow , sympathy and condolences to the families of the innocent victims of the terrorist bomb attacks at this difficult time . ''	A resolution supported and unanimously adopted by Kenya, Tanzania and the United States "expresses its deep sorrow, sympathy and condolences to the families of the innocent victims of the terrorist attacks at this difficult time."
It strongly condemns the `` terrorist bomb attacks . ''	It condemns the "terrorist bombings in the strongest possible terms."
And it stresses that every nation `` has the duty to refrain from organizing , instigating , assisting or participating in terrorist acts in another state . ''	And it stresses that every nation "has a duty not to organize, incite, support, or participate in terrorist attacks in another state."
The almost simultaneous attacks Aug. 7 at the U.S. embassies in Nairobi , Kenya , and Dar es Salaam , Tanzania , killed 257 people and injured more than 5,500 .	The almost simultaneous attacks on the US embassies in Nairobi, Kenya, and Dar es Salaam, Tanzania, on 7 August, killed 257 people and injured more than 5,500.
`` The incidents of Aug. 7 underscore that terrorists know no boundaries , and that the suppression of international terrorism , the arrest , the conviction and the punishment of its perpetrators are essential to the maintenance of international peace and security , '' said the U.S. Deputy Ambassador Peter Burleigh .	"The events of 7 August underline that terrorists know no borders and that the suppression of international terrorism, the arrest, conviction and punishment of its perpetrators are crucial to the maintenance of international peace and security," said US Deputy Ambassador Peter Burleigh.
U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright paid tribute Tuesday to bombing victims and embassy staffers on a whirlwind visit to East Africa , and promised to track down the perpetrators .	US Secretary of State Madeleine Albright paid tribute to the bombing victims and embassy staff during a lightning visit to East Africa on Tuesday, promising to track down the perpetrators.
`` Together , we promise to bring to justice the murderers of our friends , '' she told American and Tanzanian workers at the bomb-hit U.S. Embassy in Dar es Salaam , Tanzania .	"Together we promise to bring the killers of our friends to justice," she told American and Tanzanian workers at the bombed-out U.S. Embassy in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania.
Officials in Tanzania and Kenya , where she arrived next , also hoped she would produce new aid for their countries , where the Aug. 7 terrorist blasts killed 257 people in Nairobi and Dar es Salaam .	Officials in Tanzania and Kenya, where she arrived next, also hoped she would provide new aid to their countries, where the August 7 terrorist attacks killed 257 people in Nairobi and Dar es Salaam.
FBI agents , meanwhile , pushed ahead with their all-out investigation into the bombings .	FBI agents, meanwhile, pressed ahead with their extensive investigation into the bombings.
Contrary to other reports , the FBI and Kenyan police said Monday that a suspect who was returned from Pakistan had not admitted any role in the crimes or implicated anyone else after three days of questioning .	Contrary to other reports, the FBI and Kenyan police said Monday that a suspect who returned from Pakistan after three days of questioning did not admit any role in the crimes or implicate others.
Albright , arriving after a 16-hour flight , spent about five hours in Tanzania before heading to Nairobi in a small plane when an engine of the Boeing 747 she had flown in from Washington overheated .	Albright, who arrived after a 16-hour flight, spent about five hours in Tanzania before flying to Nairobi on a small plane when an engine on the Boeing 747 flying in from Washington overheated.
She was scheduled to lay flowers at the bombed embassy , talk to Kenyan embassy guards and others who survived the blast and meet with President Daniel arap Moi in a five-hour visit before returning home .	She was due to lay flowers at the bombed-out embassy, speak to Kenyan embassy guards and other survivors of the blast and meet President Daniel arap Moi in a five-hour visit before returning home.
In Dar es Salaam , she laid a wreath next to the crater left by the embassy blast that killed 10 people .	In Dar es Salaam, she laid a wreath next to the crater left by the embassy explosion that killed 10 people.
Then she handed a folded American flag to U.S. Marines and , wearing a white construction hard hat , toured the damage inside .	She then handed the US Marines a folded American flag and, wearing a white construction helmet, inspected the damage inside.
Reporters also were allowed inside for the first time since the explosion and found broken glass and smashed furniture scattered throughout the embassy .	Reporters were also allowed inside for the first time since the explosion and found shards of glass and smashed furniture scattered around the embassy.
Albright helped hang a poster advertising a reward of up to dlrs 2 million for information leading to the bombers ' arrest .	Albright helped put up a poster offering a reward of up to $2 million for information leading to the arrest of the assailants.
She then lavished praise , and the State Department 's award for heroism , on embassy staffers before meeting with bombing victims at the Muhimbili Medical Center and with government officials .	She then showered embassy staff with praise and the State Department's award for heroism before meeting bomb victims at Muhimbili Medical Center and government officials.
`` America is very proud of you , all of you _ Americans and Tanzanians , '' she told the staffers .	"America is very proud of you, all of you, Americans and Tanzanians," she told the staff.
Albright announced a gift of 500 pounds ( 225 kilograms ) of medical supplies to Tanzania and Kenya from the Walter Reed Army Medical Center .	Albright announced a donation of 500 pounds (225 kilograms) of medical supplies to Tanzania and Kenya from Walter Reed Army Medical Center.
She also pledged to ask Congress to approve a still-undetermined amount of emergency funding to pay for re-establishing embassy operations in Tanzania and Kenya and to compensate victims ' families .	She also promised to ask Congress to authorize an unspecified amount of emergency aid to fund the resumption of embassy operations in Tanzania and Kenya and to compensate the families of the victims.
Officials in the two African countries are counting on substantial compensation along with assurances of aid for the governments , whose key tourism industries were dealt a blow by the bombings .	Officials from the two African countries expect significant compensation and aid pledges for governments whose key tourism industries have been hit by the bombings.
But Tanzanian Foreign Minister Jakaya Kikwete , speaking at a joint news conference with Albright , said there are no ill feelings in Tanzania toward Americans because of their handling of the rescue , as there are among some Kenyans .	But Tanzanian Foreign Minister Jakaya Kikwete said at a joint news conference with Albright that there were no bad feelings in Tanzania toward the Americans for their handling of the rescue, as there are among some Kenyans.
`` The bomb blast has not generated any hatred against ...	< unk > < unk > The bomb explosion has no hatred for...
Americans in Tanzania , '' he said .	Americans in Tanzania, "he said.
He also urged Albright to tell Americans that Tanzania is safe and they should continue visiting and investing in the country .	He also urged Albright to tell Americans that Tanzania is safe and that they should continue to visit and invest in the country.
Albright told the foreign minister the American people share in the profound sorrow of the Tanzanians and said the United States will maintain its presence throughout Africa and throughout the world .	Albright told the secretary of state that the American people share the deep suffering of Tanzanians and said the United States would maintain its presence throughout Africa and around the world.
`` These bombings will not cause America to back down or retreat , '' she declared .	"These bombings will not cause America to back down or retreat," she said.
The head of the FBI investigation in Dar es Salaam , Kenneth Piernick , said the bureau has questioned more than 100 people there , but indicated that most of the interrogations had led nowhere .	The head of the FBI investigation in Dar es Salaam, Kenneth Piernick, said the bureau had interviewed more than 100 people there but indicated that most interrogations had gone nowhere.
`` Right now my evidence is scant , and I 'm not going to draw conclusions based on that , '' he said .	"At the moment my evidence is sparse and I will not draw any conclusions from it," he said.
He would not elaborate , or comment on whether two suspects remained in detention , as was previously reported .	He declined to elaborate or comment on whether two suspects remain in custody, as previously reported.
In Nairobi , a top Kenyan police official denied a newspaper report that more arrests had been made there .	In Nairobi, a senior Kenyan police official denied a newspaper report that there had been further arrests.
Officials said last week that six people were in custody for questioning about the bombing .	Officials said last week that six people were in custody for questioning about the bombing.
About 200 Americans _ nonessential U.S. Embassy staff and their families _ left Pakistan today on orders from Washington following a `` pattern of threats '' against Americans there since the Africa bombings .	About 200 U.S. Embassy staff and their families left Pakistan today on Washington's orders after a "pattern of threats" against Americans there since the bombings in Africa.
The diplomats were flown to Brussels , Belgium .	The diplomats were flown to Brussels.
Other Americans have also been urged to leave .	Other Americans were also asked to leave the country.
The United States had the right to defend its citizens against terrorist actions , New Zealand said Friday in response to U.S. missile attacks on alleged terrorist sites in Sudan and Afghanistan .	The United States has the right to defend its citizens against terrorist actions, New Zealand said Friday in response to U.S. missile strikes on suspected terrorist sites in Sudan and Afghanistan.
Foreign Minister Don McKinnon said that terrorist bombings this month of U.S. embassies in Nairobi , Kenya and Dar es Salaam , Tanzania , `` show that terrorism is an indiscriminate killer of innocent people . ''	Secretary of State Don McKinnon said terrorist attacks this month on the U.S. embassies in Nairobi, Kenya and Dar es Salaam, Tanzania, "show that terrorism is an indiscriminate killer of innocent people."
Retaliating 13 days after the deadly embassy bombings in East Africa , U.S. forces Thursday launched cruise missile strikes against alleged terrorist camps in Afghanistan and a chemical plant in Sudan .	Thirteen days after the deadly embassy bombings in East Africa, U.S. forces on Thursday deployed cruise missiles against suspected terrorist camps in Afghanistan and a chemical plant in Sudan.
`` Countries have the right to defend themselves and their citizens against terrorism and New Zealand appreciates and understands the steps the United States has taken , '' McKinnon said .	"Countries have the right to defend themselves and their citizens against terrorism, and New Zealand appreciates and understands the steps the United States has taken," McKinnon said.
The embassy bombings , on Aug. 7 , killed 247 people in Kenya and 10 in Tanzania .	The 7 August embassy bombings killed 247 people in Kenya and 10 in Tanzania.
More than 5,500 people were injured , mostly Kenyans .	More than 5,500 people were injured, most of them Kenyans.
McKinnon 's spokeswoman said the United States had `` very good intelligence '' linking the sites struck overnight with the embassy attacks .	McKinnon's spokeswoman said the U.S. had "very good intelligence" linking the sites attacked overnight to the embassy attacks.
U.S. Ambassador Prudence Bushnell wrapped up some unfinished business on Wednesday , meeting with Kenya 's trade minister to finish talks that were interrupted by the car bombing of the embassy .	U.S. Ambassador Prudence Bushnell closed some unresolved issues on Wednesday and met with Kenya's commerce minister to finalize talks that were interrupted by the car bomb attack on the embassy.
On Aug. 7 , Bushnell , Trade Minister Joseph Kimotho and others had just ended a news conference in a building adjacent to the embassy .	On August 7, Bushnell, Commerce Secretary Joseph Kimotho and others had just finished a press conference in a building adjacent to the embassy.
They were talking when the bomb went off , killing 247 people and wounding more than 5,000 others .	They were speaking when the bomb exploded, killing 247 people and wounding more than 5,000 others.
On Wednesday , Bushnell and Kimotho met again to finish their discussion , Bushnell told Kenya Television .	Bushnell and Kimotho met again on Wednesday to end their discussion, Bushnell told Kenyan television.
The ambassador was cut on her lip and hands in the blast , which damaged the embassy , shattered the glass shell of the 22-story Cooperative Bank House and toppled the six-story Ufundi House .	The ambassador was wounded in the lip and hands in the explosion, which damaged the embassy, shattered the glass shell of the 22-storey Co-operative Bank building and brought down the six-storey Ufundi House.
Bushnell continued with her duties throughout the subsequent search and rescue at the blast scene , memorials for those slain , and the relocation to a temporary embassy .	Bushnell continued her duties during the subsequent search and rescue work at the site of the explosion, the memorials to those killed and the transfer to a makeshift embassy.
Kimotho , who was hospitalized with a head wound , said he and Bushnell had been talking about the slated visit of U.S. Commerce Secretary William Daley in September .	Kimotho, who was hospitalized with a head wound, said he and Bushnell had talked about U.S. Commerce Secretary William Daley's planned visit in September.
His trip is still on , the embassy said .	His journey is still ongoing, the embassy said.
The blast in Nairobi occurred at almost exactly the same moment as an explosion ripped through the American Embassy in Tanzania 's commercial capital Dar es Salaam .	The explosion in Nairobi occurred almost at the exact moment an explosion ripped through the American Embassy in Tanzania's commercial capital, Dar es Salaam.
The death toll in the Tanzania blast , initially 10 , has risen to 12 , hospital officials and family members said Wednesday .	The death toll from the explosion in Tanzania, which initially stood at 10, rose to 12, hospital officials and family members said Wednesday.
Tanzania expelled five Iraqis and a Libyan who were questioned by the FBI and police in connection of the bombing of two U.S. embassies in East Africa last month , a newspaper reported Friday .	Tanzania expelled five Iraqis and a Libyan who were being questioned by the FBI and police in connection with the bombing of two U.S. embassies in East Africa last month, a newspaper reported Friday.
Immigration officials escorted the Libyan , Atif Issa Enhamed , to the airport and put him on a flight to an undisclosed Middle East destination , said Uhuru , or Freedom , a Swahili newspaper owned by the ruling Chama Cha Mapinduzi party .	Immigration officials escorted Libyan Atif Issa to the airport and put him on a flight to an unknown destination in the Middle East, said Uhuru, or Freedom, a Swahili newspaper owned by the ruling Chama Cha Mapinduzi party.
Five Iraqis , whose names were not disclosed , also were deported , the newspaper said .	Five Iraqis, whose names have not been released, were also deported, the newspaper reported.
It gave no reason for the expulsions and Tanzania 's criminal investigation and immigration departments could not be reached for comment .	There was no reason for the expulsions, and Tanzanian law enforcement and immigration authorities could not be reached for comment.
Nearly simultaneous bombings at U.S. embassies in Dar es Salaam , Tanzania , and Nairobi , Kenya , on Aug. 7 killed 258 people , including 12 Americans , and injured more than 5,500 people .	Almost simultaneous bombings of U.S. embassies in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania, and Nairobi, Kenya, on August 7 killed 258 people, including 12 Americans, and injured more than 5,500.
Of those killed , 11 were killed in Tanzania .	Eleven of those killed were in Tanzania.
Two key suspects in the Kenya bombing have been handed over to the United States for trial .	Two key suspects in the Kenya bombing have been handed over to the United States for trial.
American authorities allege the attacks were plotted by Saudi terrorist Osama bin Laden .	American authorities say the attacks were planned by Saudi terrorist Osama bin Laden.
On Sunday , Tanzanian police and FBI agents said they had made `` extraordinary discoveries , '' having determined what the Dar es Salaam bomb was made of and who carried it to the embassy .	On Sunday, Tanzanian police and FBI agents said they had made "extraordinary discoveries" after determining what the Dar es Salaam bomb was made of and who carried it to the embassy.
They refused to provide details .	They declined to give details.
Media reports in Tanzania have said the ingredients for the bombs had originated in the Middle East and were transferred by sea via the Comoro Islands to Tanzania .	According to media reports in Tanzania, the ingredients for the bombs originated in the Middle East and were transported by sea via the Comoros to Tanzania.
Reports in Kenya said the components of the bomb that exploded in Nairobi were transported by road from Tanzania to Kenya .	According to reports from Kenya, the components of the bomb that exploded in Nairobi were transported by road from Tanzania to Kenya.
The East African nations share a long and mostly unguarded border .	East African nations share a long and largely unguarded border.
On Sept. 2 , police in the Comoros archipelago , off the Tanzanian coast , raided two homes and searched for a suspect in the bombings identified as Abdallah Mohammed Fadhul , a Comorian Muslim who had lived with his wife in Sudan until shortly after the bombings .	On 2 September, police searched two houses in the Comoros archipelago off the coast of Tanzania and searched for a suspect in the bombings, identified as Abdallah Mohammed Fadhul, a Comorian Muslim who had lived in Sudan with his wife until shortly after the attacks.
U.S. Surgeon General David Satcher on Wednesday led a team of medical specialists to Africa to help victims of terrorist attacks on the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania .	U.S. Surgeon General David Satcher led a team of medical specialists to Africa on Wednesday to help victims of terrorist attacks on the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania.
`` We want to build on the long-term partnership that has existed between our countries to help innocent Kenyans who suffered in the bombing , '' Satcher said at a news conference .	"We want to build on the long-term partnership between our countries to help innocent Kenyans who have suffered as a result of the bombings," Satcher told a news conference.
`` At the same time , we want to help Kenya prepare to meet future medical disasters , regardless of their cause . ''	"At the same time, we want to help Kenya prepare for future medical disasters, regardless of their cause."
The bombings on Aug. 7 killed 259 people , including 12 Americans , and injured more than 5,500 .	The August 7 bombings killed 259 people, including 12 Americans, and wounded more than 5,500.
The U.S. team includes plastic surgeons with experience in physical reconstruction , and a psychiatrist who worked in Oklahoma City , where 168 people were killed in a bombing in 1995 .	The US team includes plastic surgeons with experience in physical reconstruction and a psychiatrist who worked in Oklahoma City, where a 1995 bombing killed 168 people.
The team planned to leave Nairobi on Thursday for Dar es Salaam .	The team was due to leave Nairobi for Dar es Salaam on Thursday.
Besides meeting the immediate physical and emotional needs of bombing victims , the United States will consider helping set up a disaster response center in Kenya , Satcher said .	In addition to meeting the immediate physical and emotional needs of bomb victims, the United States will consider setting up a disaster response center in Kenya, Satcher said.
In addition to providing assistance using resources of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services , Satcher said he will report to Congress on additional needs .	In addition to providing assistance using resources from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Satcher said he would report additional needs to Congress.
U.S. President Bill Clinton has requested dlrs 50 million in emergency assistance funding from Congress for Tanzania and Kenya .	US President Bill Clinton has asked Congress for $50 million in emergency aid for Tanzania and Kenya.
The U.S. government already has contributed dlrs 3.2 million in assistance to the two countries .	The US government has already provided $3.2 million to the two countries.
On Friday , the Kenyan government planned to pay the first 32 death claims of 100,000 Kenyan shillings ( dlrs 1,667 ) each .	On Friday, the Kenyan government agreed to pay 100,000 Kenyan shillings (1,667 euros) each for the first 32 victims.
Poland , Hungary and the Czech Republic can now participate in NATO strategy planning , because all NATO member states have approved their joining the alliance , German defense minister Rudolf Scharping said Saturday .	Poland, Hungary and the Czech Republic can now participate in NATO's strategic planning because all NATO member states have agreed to join, German Defense Minister Rudolf Scharping said on Saturday.
The Netherlands early this week became the last country to ratify NATO expansion to include the three former Warsaw Pact nations .	Earlier this week, the Netherlands was the last country to ratify NATO's enlargement to include the three former Warsaw Pact states.
The three are expected to join in April , as part of marking NATO 's 50th anniversary .	The three are expected to join NATO in April to mark the 50th anniversary.
With their membership secure , they also can participate in planning for the NATO summit in April .	If their membership is secured, they can also participate in the planning for the NATO summit in April.
Scharping , ending a two-day visit , said Poland was well prepared to join the alliance .	Sharping said at the end of a two-day visit that Poland was well prepared to join the alliance.
Germany has been a strong advocate of Poland 's access to NATO , saying it will serve European security and stability .	Germany has strongly advocated Poland's accession to NATO and said it would serve European security and stability.
Preliminary DNA tests link a missing anti-abortion activist to a strand of hair found near where a sniper shot and killed a Buffalo , N.Y. , doctor who performed abortions , a law enforcement official said Friday .	Preliminary DNA tests link a missing abortion opponent to a strand of hair found near where a sniper shot dead a Buffalo, New York, doctor performing abortions, a law enforcement official said Friday.
The first round of DNA tests on the hair at the FBI Laboratory here established a high probability it came from the same person as a hair found in a New Jersey home where James C. Kopp , a 44-year-old anti-abortion protester , lived last year , the official said .	The first round of DNA tests on the hair at the FBI lab here showed a high probability that it came from the same person as a hair found at a New Jersey home where James C. Kopp, a 44-year-old anti-abortion activist, lived last year, the official said.
The first DNA tests did not exclude a match between the two strands .	Initial DNA tests did not rule out a match between the two strands.
Kopp has eluded authorities since they obtained a warrant for him as a material witness in the Oct. 23 sniper shooting of Dr. Barnett Slepian , a 52-year-old obstetrician-gynecologist who performed abortions .	Kopp has eluded authorities since they obtained an arrest warrant for him as a key witness in the October 23 shooting death of Dr. Barnett Slepian, a 52-year-old gynecologist and obstetrician who performed abortions.
The search for Kopp was recently extended to Mexico .	The search for Kopp was recently expanded to Mexico.
Meantime , FBI agents and Metropolitan Police officers assigned to a joint terrorism task force here scanned the crowd of anti-abortion protesters at the annual March for Life on Capitol Hill , because Kopp has been either a participant in or arrested at this march in each of the last three years , according to another law enforcement official ,	Meanwhile, FBI agents and Metropolitan Police officers assigned to a joint terrorism task force searched the crowd of anti-abortion protesters at the annual March for Life on Capitol Hill because Kopp has either participated in or been arrested in each of the past three years, according to another law enforcement official.
Both officials requested anonymity .	Both officials requested anonymity.
The FBI is conducting further DNA tests of the hair found outside Dr. Slepian 's home .	The FBI is conducting further DNA tests on the hair found outside Dr. Slepian's home.
This more extensive set of tests could enable officials to declare an absolute match between the two hair strands , the first law enforcement official said .	These more extensive tests could allow officials to determine an absolute match between the two strands of hair, the first law enforcement official said.
`` Ultimately , we would need to have a hair taken directly from Kopp himself to establish conclusively the hair from scene is his , '' the official added .	"Ultimately, we would have to have a hair removed by Kopp himself to conclude that the hair from the crime scene is his," the official added.
The official said the hair was in a cap that authorities found very near the location from which the sniper is thought to have fired the rifle bullet that killed Slepian as he stood in the kitchen of his home in the Buffalo suburb of Amherst , N.Y .	The official said the hair was in a cap that authorities found near the spot from which the sniper allegedly fired the bullet that killed Slepian as he stood in the kitchen of his home in the Buffalo suburb of Amherst, New York.
But The Buffalo News reported Friday that the hair was in a packet , with at least two bullets , that was found buried in the ground more than 50 feet from a tree where police believe the sniper stood and fired .	But The Buffalo News reported Friday that the hairs were in a package containing at least two bullets that was found buried more than 50 feet from a tree in the ground that police believe the sniper was standing and firing.
Last week , FBI Director Louis Freeh , on an official visit to Mexico , asked Mexican authorities to join the hunt for Kopp , federal officials have said .	Last week, during an official visit to Mexico, FBI Director Louis Freeh asked Mexican authorities to join the hunt for Kopp, federal officials said.
They believe Kopp was driven to Mexico by a female friend after the shooting , and have a trail of her credit card receipts leading to Mexico , the federal officials have said .	Kopp was driven to Mexico by a friend after the shooting and had a trail of her credit card receipts leading to Mexico, federal authorities said.
In addition , a Customs Service videotape from a border crossing point shows the woman 's car returning from Mexico , these officials said .	A customs video from a border crossing also showed the woman's car returning from Mexico, officials said.
Authorities obtained a material-witness arrest warrant for Kopp after they said Kopp 's car was spotted in Amherst in the weeks before Slepian was killed .	Authorities obtained a physical witness warrant against Kopp after they said Kopp's car was discovered in Amherst in the weeks before Slepian's death.
Kopp 's 1987 Chevrolet Cavalier was discovered last month at Newark , N.J. , International Airport , the FBI said .	Kopps' 1987 Chevrolet Cavalier was discovered last month at Newark, N.J., the FBI said.
The car had been in the long-term lot for about two weeks , said Greg Trevor , a spokesman for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey .	The car had been in continuous service for about two weeks, said Greg Trevor, a spokesman for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey.
The creator of an anti-abortion Web site found to be a threat to abortion providers says a decision to shut the site down is just a `` temporary setback . ''	The creator of an anti-abortion website seen as a threat to abortion providers says the decision to close the site is only a "temporary setback."
Neal Horsley said Friday that he would seek a new Internet service for his `` Nuremburg Files '' site , which was the focus of a federal court trial that led to a $107 million verdict this week in favor of abortion providers .	Neal Horsley said Friday he will seek a new Internet service for his "Nuremberg Files" page, which was at the center of a federal court case that led to a $107 million ruling this week in favor of abortion providers.
Horsley was not a defendant in the suit , in which the Portland , Ore. , jury ruled that such sites constitute threats to abortion providers .	Horsley was not a defendant in the lawsuit, in which jurors in Portland, Oregon, ruled that such sites posed a threat to abortion providers.
MindSpring , which provided the Internet space for the site , closed it Thursday night for violating `` our appropriate use policies , '' spokesman Serge Clermont said .	MindSpring, which provided the Internet space for the site, shut it down on Thursday night for violating "our reasonable usage policies," spokesman Serge Clermont said.
The Web site included the names and addresses of abortion doctors and featured photos of mangled fetuses and drawings of dripping blood .	The website contained the names and addresses of abortion doctors and showed photos of mutilated fetuses and drawings of dripping blood.
Three times , doctors whose names appeared on the list were killed , most recently last October when Dr. Barnett Slepian was gunned down by sniper fire in his home outside Buffalo , N.Y. His name on the Web site was crossed out that same day .	Doctors whose names appeared on the list have been killed three times, most recently last October when Dr. Barnett Slepian was gunned down by snipers at his home outside Buffalo, N.Y. His name on the website was crossed out the same day.
Pathway Communications , which has maintained the site , said in a statement that `` The Nuremberg Files '' was knocked off-line without notice .	Pathway Communications, which maintains the site, said in a statement that "The Nuremberg Files" had been removed without notice.
The company said it was informed Friday that it violated MindSpring 's policy on `` threatening and harassing language . ''	The company said on Friday it had been informed that it was in breach of MindSpring's guidelines on "threatening and harassing language."
Horsley called the move a `` temporary setback . ''	Horsley called the move a "temporary setback."
`` We are presently searching for a bolder and more principled ( Internet service provider ) to host the Nuremburg Files , '' the statement said .	"We are currently looking for a bolder and more principled (Internet service provider) to host the Nuremberg files," the statement said.
Secretary of State Madeleine Albright has invited the foreign ministers of Poland , the Czech Republic and Hungary to a ceremony in Independence , Mo. , on March 12 to mark the accession of the three countries into the NATO alliance .	Foreign Minister Madeleine Albright has invited the foreign ministers of Poland, the Czech Republic and Hungary to a ceremony in Independence, Mo., on 12 March to mark the accession of the three countries to the NATO alliance.
The ceremony will take place at the Truman Presidential Library .	The ceremony will be held at the Truman Presidential Library.
The venue was chosen to honor the announcement by President Truman of the creation of NATO 50 years ago , the State Department said .	The venue was chosen to honor President Truman's announcement of the founding of NATO 50 years ago, the State Department said.
Poland , Hungary and the Czech Republic today became full-fledged members of NATO , less than a decade after exchanging communist rule for democracy and shedding their Cold War military ties to the Soviet Union .	Poland, Hungary, and the Czech Republic became full NATO members today, less than a decade after swapping communist rule for democracy and severing Cold War military ties with the Soviet Union.
Secretary of State Madeleine Albright accepted admission papers from the three countries ' foreign ministers , marking their formal entry into the 50-year-old alliance .	Secretary of State Madeleine Albright received the admission papers of the foreign ministers of the three countries, which mark their formal accession to the 50-year-old alliance.
`` Hallelujah , '' Albright exclaimed .	"Hallelujah," Albright shouted.
`` Hungary has come home .	< unk > < unk > Hungary has come home.
We are back in the family , '' said Hungarian Foreign Minister Janos Martonyi .	We are back in the family, "said Hungarian Foreign Minister Janos Martonyi.
In a touch of symbolism , the ceremony took place at the Harry S. Truman Library .	With a touch of symbolism, the ceremony took place at the Harry S. Truman Library.
It was during the Truman presidency that the North Atlantic Treaty Organization was founded to halt the westward spread of Soviet-led communism .	During Truman's presidency, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization was established to stop the spread of Soviet-led communism westward.
Ironically , NATO 's three newest members just a decade ago were still under the Soviet umbrella .	Ironically, just a decade ago, NATO's three youngest members were under the Soviet umbrella.
Czech Foreign Minister Jan Kavan said he was in nearby Kansas City working with the anti-Soviet undergound in 1968 when Russian troops swept through Praque in the occupation of Czechoslovakia .	Czech Foreign Minister Jan Kavan said he was in nearby Kansas City in 1968 to work with the anti-Soviet underground organization when Russian troops swept through Prague during the occupation of Czechoslovakia.
`` It is for me very symbolic that it is precisely here that we today accept the guarantee that my country never again will become the powerless victim of foreign invasion , '' Kavan said .	"It is very symbolic to me that right here today we accept the guarantee that my country will never again be the powerless victim of a foreign invasion," Kavan said.
In looking ahead to even greater expansion of NATO , Polish Foreign Minister Bronislaw Geremek said , `` We should keep the door of the alliance open for those who have fought for freedom ...	With a view to even greater enlargement of NATO, Polish Foreign Minister Bronislaw Geremek said: "We should keep the door of the Alliance open to those who have fought for freedom...
Another curtain should never descend on Europe . ''	Another curtain should never fall on Europe. ""
Since 1949 , it has been expanded to include Greece and Turkey in 1952 , Germany in 1955 and Spain in 1982 .	Since 1949 it has been extended to Greece and Turkey in 1952, Germany in 1955 and Spain in 1982.
The new additions bring the total to 19 and many other hopefuls are waiting in the wings : Slovenia , Romania , Bulgaria , Slovakia , Lithuania , Estonia and Latvia .	The new arrivals bring the total to 19, and many more hopefuls are waiting in the wings: Slovenia, Romania, Bulgaria, Slovakia, Lithuania, Estonia and Latvia.
Just what NATO will do with these eager applicants is not clear .	What exactly NATO will do with these eager applicants is unclear.
The issue is expected to dominate a NATO summit set for Washington in April .	The issue is expected to dominate the NATO summit scheduled for April in Washington.
NATO 's mission has changed dramatically since its founding in 1949 , a time when the West was intent on halting the westward spread of Soviet-led communism -- a threat Winston Churchill warned about in his famous `` Iron Curtain '' speech delivered on March 5 , 1946 , at Westminster College in Fulton , Mo. , 130 miles east of here .	NATO's mission has changed dramatically since its founding in 1949, at a time when the West sought to halt the spread of Soviet-led communism westward - a threat that Winston Churchill warned of in his famous "Iron Curtain" speech on March 5, 1946, at Westminster College in Fulton, Mo., 130 miles east of here.
NATO warplanes helped end the war in Bosnia almost four years ago and now are poised to intervene in Yugoslavia should peace efforts in the province of Kosovo fail .	NATO warplanes helped end the war in Bosnia nearly four years ago and are now ready to intervene in Yugoslavia if peace efforts in Kosovo fail.
A decade ago , the military planning of Poland , Hungary and the Czech Republic was built around the possibility of a ground assault toward the west .	A decade ago, military planning in Poland, Hungary, and the Czech Republic was built around the possibility of a ground attack to the west.
As NATO allies , the goal is much smaller armies capable of meeting a variety of contingencies .	As NATO allies, the goal is much smaller armies capable of handling a variety of contingencies.
The State Department says the three new members `` enhance NATO 's ability to fulfill its core mission of collective defense , respond to a range of security challenges and reduce the possibility of another major conflict in Europe of the kind that has claimed so many American lives . ''	The State Department said the three new members "strengthen NATO's ability to fulfill its core mission of collective defense, respond to a range of security challenges, and reduce the possibility of another major conflict in Europe that has claimed so many American lives."
NATO Secretary General Javier Solana says , `` The accession of the Czech Republic , Hungary and Poland ... is perhaps the clearest demonstration of the fact that Europe is growing closer together . ''	NATO Secretary General Javier Solana says: "The accession of the Czech Republic, Hungary and Poland... is perhaps the clearest evidence that Europe is growing closer together."
`` Extending membership to these three democracies helps to stabilize a region that historically has been the staging ground for many of the disasters of this century . ''	"Extending membership to these three democracies will help stabilise a region that has historically been the scene of many disasters this century."
But many Russians -- and some Americans -- are wary about the eastward encroachment of NATO .	But many Russians - and some Americans - are skeptical of NATO's push eastward.
Former Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev says the push east signifies a rejection of the common European security system that was discussed at the end of the Cold War .	Former Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev says the push east is a rejection of the common European security system discussed at the end of the Cold War.
Russian Foreign Minister Igor Ivanov calls extending NATO membership into Eastern Europe `` a movement in the wrong direction . ''	Russian Foreign Minister Igor Ivanov calls the extension of NATO membership to Eastern Europe "a move in the wrong direction."
`` All European states must cooperate in creating a joint security system , '' he was quoted as saying .	"All European states must work together to create a common security system," he was quoted as saying.
`` All European states must work together in the interests of all countries rather than of separate groups . ''	"All European states must work together in the interests of all countries and not in the interests of individual groups."
A rifle found near the home of a slain abortion doctor may yield important clues for investigators trying to track down the gunman .	A rifle found near the home of a shot abortion doctor could provide important clues to investigators in the search for the shooter.
Dr. Barnett Slepian was killed in his kitchen by a sniper 's bullet last fall .	Dr. Barnett Slepian was killed by a sniper's bullet in his kitchen last fall.
Investigators said Friday they found a rifle buried near his home in the Buffalo suburb of Amherst .	Investigators said Friday they found a rifle near his home in the Buffalo suburb of Amherst.
The gun was sent to the FBI laboratory in Washington to determine whether it was used to kill Slepian .	The weapon was sent to the FBI lab in Washington to determine if it was used to kill Slepian.
`` If it 's not too badly rusted , they may be able to match the bullet back to the weapon , '' said Walter Rowe , forensics sciences professor at George Washington University .	"If it's not too rusty, maybe they can compare the bullet to the gun again," said Walter Rowe, a forensics professor at George Washington University.
The rifle might also have clothing fibers , fingerprints or a serial number that can be traced to the buyer , Rowe said .	The gun could also have clothing fibers, fingerprints or a serial number that can be traced back to the buyer, Rowe said.
Buried a foot beneath the ground , the weapon was unearthed during a search of a heavily wooded , four-acre area Thursday .	The weapon, which was buried a foot underground, was found Thursday during a search of a heavily wooded, four-acre area.
Investigators did not say how close the weapon was to the house .	Investigators did not say how close the gun was to the house.
Anti-abortion protester James Kopp is being sought as a material witness in the shooting .	Anti-abortion activist James Kopp is wanted as a witness in the shooting.
Investigators said Kopp 's car was seen in the neighborhood in the days before the slaying .	Investigators said Kopps' car was seen in the neighborhood in the days before the killing.
Kopp vanished after the shooting , and the car was found abandoned at the Newark , N.J. , airport in December .	Kopp disappeared after the shooting, and the car was found abandoned at the Newark, N.J., airport on Dec.
Officials said DNA test results showed a likelihood that a strand of hair discovered behind Slepian 's home came from Kopp .	Officials said DNA test results showed it was highly likely that a strand of hair discovered behind Slepian's home came from Kopp.
An abortion foe who is the subject of an international manhunt was charged with murder Thursday in the slaying of a doctor who was cut down in his kitchen by a sniper 's bullet .	An anti-abortion activist who is the subject of an international manhunt was charged Thursday with murder for killing a doctor who was struck down by a sniper bullet in his kitchen.
Federal and state arrest warrants were issued for James C. Kopp , 44 , of St. Albans , Vt .	James C. Kopp, 44, of St. Albans, Vt.
His whereabouts are unknown .	His whereabouts are unknown.
`` We have probable cause to believe this man , James Kopp , is responsible for the death of Dr. Barnett Slepian , '' FBI agent Bernard Tolbert said .	"We probably have reason to believe that this man, James Kopp, is responsible for the death of Dr. Barnett Slepian," FBI agent Bernard Tolbert said.
Investigators have been searching for Kopp since shortly after the Oct. 23 slaying .	Investigators have been searching for Kopp since shortly after the killing on October 23.
Up until Thursday , however , they had described him only as a material witness wanted for questioning -- not a suspect .	Until Thursday, however, they had described him only as a key witness wanted for questioning - and not as a suspect.
In addition to a state charge of murder , Kopp faces a federal charge of violating the Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act by using deadly force against an abortion doctor .	In addition to a murder charge, Kopp also faces charges of violating the law on free access to hospital entrances by using lethal force against an abortion doctor.
Both charges carry up to life in prison .	Both counts carry a maximum sentence of life in prison.
The federal charge also carries a fine of up to $250,000 .	The federal indictment also carries a fine of up to $250,000.
The newly filed charges will intensify the ongoing international manhunt , Tolbert said .	The newly filed charges would intensify the ongoing international manhunt, Tolbert said.
In response to the new charges , Canadian officials confirmed that Kopp is a suspect in sniper shootings that injured abortion doctors in November in Vancouver , British Columbia ; Winnipeg , Manitoba ; and Hamilton , Ontario .	In response to the new allegations, Canadian officials confirmed that Kopp is a suspect in sniper shootings that injured abortion doctors in Vancouver, British Columbia, Winnipeg, Manitoba and Hamilton, Ontario, in November.
Investigators would not divulge the evidence against Kopp but said last month 's discovery of a scope-equipped rifle buried near the Slepian home represented a major breakthrough .	Investigators would not disclose the evidence against Kopp, but said the discovery last month of a remote-controlled rifle buried near the Slepian house represented a major breakthrough.
Slepian , 52 , was shot with a rifle .	The 52-year-old Slepian was shot with a rifle.
Authorities have said they believe the weapon may have been buried in advance of the shooting , with the killer digging it up to fire the shot , then reburying it and fleeing .	Authorities believe the weapon may have been buried before the shooting, with the killer digging it out to fire the shot, then burying it again and fleeing.
Kopp also has been linked , through DNA testing , to a strand of hair found near where the sniper fired , law enforcement sources have said .	Kopp was also linked by DNA tests to a strand of hair found near the sniper's firing site, police said.
Nicknamed the `` Atomic Dog '' in anti-abortion circles , Kopp had been arrested in several states since 1990 for protesting abortion .	Kopp, nicknamed the "nuclear dog" in anti-abortion circles, had been arrested in several states since 1990 for protesting against abortion.
His car was spotted in Slepian 's suburban Amherst neighborhood in the weeks before the shooting , and was found abandoned at New Jersey 's Newark International Airport in December , investigators said .	His car was discovered in the weeks before the shooting in suburban Amherst and found abandoned at Newark International Airport in New Jersey in December, investigators said.
Kopp 's stepmother , who married Kopp 's father when Kopp was in his 30s , said Thursday from her home in Irving , Texas : `` I would like to see him come forward and clear his name if he 's not guilty , and if he 's guilty , to contact a priest and make his amends with society , face what he did . ''	Kopp's stepmother, who married Kopp's father when Kopp was in his 30s, said Thursday from her home in Irving, Texas, "I would like him to come forward and say his name if he's not guilty, and if he's guilty, contact a priest and make amends with society, then face what he did."
Kopp is now the second anti-abortion activist being sought by the FBI as a suspect in a fatal attack .	Kopp is now the second anti-abortion activist wanted by the FBI as a suspect in a deadly attack.
Eric Rudolph has been on the run since the January 1998 bombing of a Birmingham , Ala. , abortion clinic that killed an off-duty police officer and maimed a nurse .	Eric Rudolph has been on the run since the January 1998 bombing of an abortion clinic in Birmingham, Alabama, which killed a police officer and mutilated a nurse.
He also is charged in three Atlanta attacks , including the 1996 Olympic bombing that killed one person .	He is also charged with three attacks in Atlanta, including the 1996 Olympics bombing that killed one person.
Dr. Barnett Slepian , just back from synagogue , was heating soup in his kitchen last fall when he was gunned down with a single shot through a window .	Dr. Barnett Slepian, just back from the synagogue, was heating soup in his kitchen last fall when he was gunned down with a single shot through a window.
Slepian 's killer is still at large .	Slepian's killer is still at large.
But for the first time , authorities have named a suspect in the slaying -- anti-abortion activist James Kopp .	But for the first time, authorities have named a suspect in the murder case - anti-abortion activist James Kopp.
`` Today , I 'm here to tell you we have our suspect , '' said Bernard Tolbert , special agent-in-charge of the FBI 's Buffalo office .	"I'm here today to tell you that we have our suspect," said Bernard Tolbert, a special agent in the FBI's Buffalo office.
Kopp , 44 , of St. Albans , Vt. , became the subject of an international manhunt in November when he was called a witness in the case .	Kopp, 44, of St. Albans, Vt., became the subject of an international manhunt in November when he was called as a witness in the case.
He was charged Thursday in state and federal complaints with second-degree murder and with violating the Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act by using deadly force against an abortion doctor .	He was charged Thursday with second-degree murder and violating the law on free access to hospital entrances by using deadly force against an abortion doctor.
Both charges carry a penalty of up to life in prison .	Both counts carry a maximum sentence of life in prison.
The federal charge also carries a fine of up to $250,000 .	The federal indictment also carries a fine of up to $250,000.
Kopp 's whereabouts remain unknown .	Kopps' whereabouts remain unknown.
He was last seen Nov. 3 , the day before authorities issued a material witness warrant in the Slepian shooting in the hope of questioning him .	He was last seen on November 3, a day before authorities issued a physical witness warrant for the shooting in Slepian, hoping to question him.
Until Thursday , they had not called Kopp a suspect .	As of Thursday, they had not named Kopp as a suspect.
Investigators would not divulge the evidence against Kopp but said last month 's discovery of a scope-equipped rifle buried near the Slepian home represented a major breakthrough .	Investigators would not disclose the evidence against Kopp, but said the discovery last month of a remote-controlled rifle buried near the Slepian house represented a major breakthrough.
Slepian , 52 , was shot with a rifle .	The 52-year-old Slepian was shot with a rifle.
Kopp also has been linked , through DNA testing , to a strand of hair found near where the sniper fired , law enforcement sources have said .	Kopp was also linked by DNA tests to a strand of hair found near the sniper's firing site, police said.
Nicknamed the `` Atomic Dog '' in anti-abortion circles , Kopp had been arrested in several states since 1990 for protesting abortion .	Kopp, nicknamed the "nuclear dog" in anti-abortion circles, had been arrested in several states since 1990 for protesting against abortion.
His car was spotted in Slepian 's neighborhood in the weeks before the shooting , and was found abandoned at the Newark , N.J. , airport in December .	His car was discovered in Slepian's neighborhood in the weeks before the shooting and was found abandoned at the airport in Newark, N.J., on Dec.
The filing of the charges has intensified interest in Kopp as a suspect in three non-fatal sniper attacks on Canadian abortion providers , and one near Rochester , N.Y. , between 1994 and 1997 .	The indictment has heightened interest in Kopp as a suspect in three nonfatal sniper attacks on Canadian abortion providers and one near Rochester, New York, between 1994 and 1997.
Kopp is now the second anti-abortion activist being sought by the FBI as a suspect in a fatal attack .	Kopp is now the second anti-abortion activist wanted by the FBI as a suspect in a deadly attack.
Eric Rudolph has been on the run since the January 1998 bombing of a Birmingham , Ala. , abortion clinic that killed an off-duty police officer and maimed a nurse .	Eric Rudolph has been on the run since the January 1998 bombing of an abortion clinic in Birmingham, Alabama, which killed a police officer and mutilated a nurse.
He also is charged in three Atlanta attacks , including the 1996 Olympic bombing that killed one person .	He is also charged with three attacks in Atlanta, including the 1996 Olympics bombing that killed one person.
The FBI put alleged terrorist mastermind Osama Bin Laden and anti-abortion activist and accused doctor killer James Charles Kopp on the bureau 's list of the Ten Most Wanted fugitives Monday .	The FBI on Monday placed suspected terrorist mastermind Osama Bin Laden and abortion opponent and suspected doctor-killer James Charles Kopp on its list of the 10 most wanted fugitives.
FBI Director Louis Freeh said the U.S. government is offering a reward of up to $5 million for information that leads to the arrest and conviction of Bin Laden , indicted as the architect of the twin bombings of American embassies in Kenya and Tanzania .	FBI Director Louis Freeh said the U.S. government is offering a reward of up to $5 million for information leading to the arrest and conviction of Bin Laden, who is accused of masterminding the two bombings of American embassies in Kenya and Tanzania.
The Aug. 7 , 1998 , bombings killed more than 200 people , including 12 Americans .	On 7 August 1998, more than 200 people, including 12 Americans, were killed in bombings.
It is the largest reward the government has ever offered for a fugitive .	It is the biggest reward the government has ever offered for a refugee.
A total of $650,000 , meanwhile , is being offered for information leading to the arrest of Kopp , who is charged with gunning down Dr. Barnett Slepian last fall in his home in Buffalo , N.Y. Slepian provided legal abortions in western New York state .	Meanwhile, a total of $650,000 is being offered for information leading to the arrest of Kopp, who is accused of shooting Dr. Barnett Slepian last fall at his home in Buffalo, New York. Slepian provided legal abortions in the western state of New York.
The standard $50,000 reward for information leading to a listed fugitive 's capture comes on top of a $500,000 reward announced earlier by Attorney General Janet Reno , plus a $100,000 award offered previously by the FBI .	The standard $50,000 reward for information leading to the capture of a listed fugitive comes on top of a $500,000 reward previously announced by Attorney General Janet Reno and a $100,000 reward previously offered by the FBI.
Reno said Bin Laden and Kopp have one thing in common : Each wrongly believes he is justified in using all means possible to achieve his goal .	Reno said Bin Laden and Kopp had one thing in common: Each of them wrongly believed that it was justified to use all the means at his disposal to achieve his goal.
They also have in common locations unknown to the authorities .	They also have common places unknown to the authorities.
Freeh said Bin Laden may be hiding out in Afghanistan , which has been uncooperative in the case .	Freeh said Bin Laden may be hiding in Afghanistan, which has been uncooperative in the case.
Kopp , meanwhile , may have approached the border with Mexico , but it is unknown whether he crossed into that country , said Freeh .	Kopp had approached the border with Mexico, but it was not known if he had entered the country, Freeh said.
Kopp purports to be a devout Roman Catholic , and the majority of jobs he has held over the past 20 years have been related to the anti-abortion movement , the Justice Department said in a news release .	Kopp claims to be a devout Catholic, and the majority of the jobs he has held in the past 20 years have been related to the anti-abortion movement, the Justice Department said in a news release.
State Department international security director Dave Carpenter said that placing Bin Laden on the most-wanted list `` underscores the unwavering commitment '' by the United States `` to fight terrorism . ''	The State Department's director of international security, Dave Carpenter, said the inclusion of Bin Laden on the most-wanted list underscores "the unwavering commitment of the United States to the fight against terrorism."
The FBI continues to receive threats from individuals and organizations with ties to Bin Laden , Freeh said .	The FBI continues to receive threats from individuals and organizations with ties to Bin Laden, Freeh said.
Carpenter said the U.S. government 's counterterrorism program has paid out over $6 million in some 20 cases around the world for credible information .	Carpenter said the U.S. government's counterterrorism program has paid more than $6 million for credible information in about 20 cases worldwide.
On the FBI list , Bin Laden and Kopp replace two former Libyan intelligence agents charged in the Dec. 21 , 1988 , bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 that killed 259 people on the plane and 11 on the ground in Lockerbie , Scotland .	On the FBI list, Bin Laden and Kopp replace two former Libyan intelligence officers indicted on December 21, 1988, for the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 that killed 259 people on the plane and 11 on the ground in Lockerbie, Scotland.
The two were removed from the list after Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi agreed in April to hand them over for trial in the Netherlands , a neutral venue .	The two were removed from the list after Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi agreed in April to try them in the Netherlands, a neutral place.
Lamen Khalifa Fhimah and Abdel Basset Ali al-Megrahi are charged with murder , conspiracy to commit murder and violations of international aviation safety laws .	Lamen Khalifa Fhimah and Abdel Basset Ali al-Megrahi are charged with murder, conspiracy to murder and violating international aviation security laws.
Bin Laden and Kopp are the 455th and 456th persons to be placed on the FBI 's most wanted list , which began in 1950 .	Bin Laden and Kopp are the 455th and 456th people on the FBI's wanted list.
Since then , 427 fugitives have been taken into custody or located , 133 of them as a result of citizen assistance , the FBI said .	Since then, 427 fugitives have been taken into custody or tracked down, 133 of them for citizen assistance, the FBI said.
Six suspects in the Bin Laden investigation are known to be in custody in the Metropolitan Correctional Center in New York .	Six suspects in the Bin Laden investigation are known to be in custody at the Metropolitan Correctional Center in New York.
Another eight suspects , including Bin Laden , have been charged but not apprehended .	Another eight suspects, including Bin Laden, were charged but not caught.
Another suspect is awaiting extradition from Britain .	Another suspect is awaiting extradition from Britain.
The FBI says Bin Laden is the leader of a terrorist organization known as Al-Aqeda , `` The Base . ''	The FBI says Bin Laden is the leader of a terrorist organization called Al-Aqeda, "The Base." "
Kopp wears eyeglasses , walks with a slight limp , is 5 feet , 10 inches tall and weighs 150 to 175 pounds .	Kopp wears glasses, walks limply, is 1.80 meters tall and weighs 150 to 175 kilos.
Slepian was killed by a single gunshot fired from a wooded area through a window of his home .	Slepian was killed by a single shot fired from a wooded area through a window of his home.
Prior to the Slepian 's shooting , Kopp had traveled the country and world , authorities said .	Before the shooting, Kopp had traveled around the country and the world, authorities said.
He has been arrested more than a dozen times during abortion protests in seven states and Italy , but has no felony convictions .	He has been arrested more than a dozen times during abortion protests in seven states and Italy, but has no criminal record.
He has used 29 aliases , Freeh said .	He used 29 aliases, Freeh said.
A man whose house was allegedly a bomb factory was arrested in connection with last year 's deadly U.S. Embassy blasts in Kenya and Tanzania and was brought to the United States for trial .	A man whose house was allegedly a bomb factory has been arrested and brought to the United States in connection with last year's deadly bombings of the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania.
The suspect -- Khalfan Khamis Mohamed -- was scheduled to appear before a U.S. magistrate judge in Manhattan at midday , according to a statement today by U.S. Attorney Mary Jo White .	The suspect - Khalfan Khamis Mohamed - was scheduled to appear before a U.S. judge in Manhattan at noon, U.S. Attorney Mary Jo White said today.
The latest arrest brought to nine the number of people in custody in connection with the bombings .	The latest arrest brings the number of people in custody in connection with the bombings to nine.
White heads a team that is investigating and prosecuting the bombings which killed 224 people , including 12 Americans , on Aug. 7 , 1998 .	White leads a team investigating and tracking the bombings that killed 224 people, including 12 Americans, on August 7, 1998.
Mohamed , 24 , allegedly rented a house in his native Tanzania which was used as a bomb factory .	Mohamed, 24, is said to have rented a house in his native Tanzania that was used as a bomb factory.
In Cape Town , South Africa , police spokesman Capt. Rod Beer said the FBI arrested Mohamed at the city 's airport in the early hours of Thursday morning as he was about to be deported for being in the country illegally .	In Cape Town, South Africa, police spokesman Capt. Rod Beer said the FBI arrested Mohamed in the early hours of Thursday at the city's airport as he was about to be deported for illegal entry.
The Cape Argus newspaper in Cape Town reported that a search has been launched for accomplices in the region .	Cape Argus newspaper in Cape Town reported that accomplices were being sought in the region.
Seventeen people have been indicted in the case .	Seventeen people have been charged in the case.
Bin Laden is accused of masterminding the attack , and is on the FBI 's 10 Most Wanted List .	Bin Laden is accused of masterminding the attack and is on the FBI's 10 Most Wanted List.
A $5 million reward has been offered for his capture .	A $5 million reward has been offered for his capture.
The bombs went off almost simultaneously .	The bombs went off almost simultaneously.
Eleven people , none of them Americans , died in the blast in Dar-es-Salaam , Tanzania .	The explosion in Dar-es-Salaam, Tanzania, killed 11 people, including no American.
Another man has been arrested in connection with the bombings of U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania last year that killed 224 people , police said today .	Another man has been arrested in connection with last year's bombings of US embassies in Kenya and Tanzania that killed 224 people, police said today.
`` I can confirm that an individual was arrested in connection with the embassy bombings and the FBI was involved '' in making the arrest , police spokesman Capt. Rod Beer said .	"I can confirm that one person has been arrested in connection with the embassy bombings and the FBI was involved in the arrest," police spokesman Capt. Rod Beer said.
Beer said he did not know where the man was being held or any more details .	Beer said he did not know where the man was being held or further details.
The arrest brought to nine the number of people in custody in connection with the bombings .	The arrest brought the number of people taken into custody in connection with the bombings to nine.
U.S. authorities scheduled a news conference for later today in New York .	US authorities have scheduled a press conference in New York today.
The Cape Argus newspaper reported today that a Tanzanian man was arrested , and that authorities were searching for accomplices .	The Cape Argus newspaper reported today that a man from Tanzania has been arrested and that authorities are looking for accomplices.
The Argus quoted immigration official Jurie de Wet as saying the arrests stemmed from information about requests for asylum and temporary residence in Cape Town .	The Argus quoted immigration officer Jurie de Wet as saying the arrests were due to information about asylum applications and temporary stays in Cape Town.
Seventeen people have been indicted in the case .	Seventeen people have been charged in the case.
It was not immediately known if the arrest announced today stemmed from the indictment .	It was not immediately known whether the arrest announced today was related to the indictment.
Bin Laden , who is accused of masterminding the attack , is on the FBI 's 10 Most Wanted List .	Bin Laden, who is accused of masterminding the attack, is on the FBI's 10 Most Wanted List.
A $5 million reward has been offered for his capture .	A $5 million reward has been offered for his capture.
The bombs went off almost simultaneously on Aug. 7 , 1998 at U.S. embassies in Nairobi , Kenya and Dar es Salaam , Tanzania .	The bombs went off almost simultaneously on 7 August 1998 at the US embassies in Nairobi, Kenya and Dar es Salaam, Tanzania.
About 500 people attended a Sunday night memorial service for the Buffalo-area physician who performed abortions , one year after he was killed by a sniper 's bullet .	About 500 people attended a memorial service Sunday night for the Buffalo-area doctor who performed abortions, a year after he was killed by a sniper's bullet.
A nurse who was critically injured in the 1998 abortion clinic bombing in Birmingham , Ala. , was among those who attended the interfaith ceremony at a Presbyterian church for Dr. Barnett Slepian .	A nurse critically injured in the 1998 bombing of an abortion clinic in Birmingham, Alabama, was among those attending the interfaith ceremony at a Presbyterian church for Dr. Barnett Slepian.
Police kept watch outside and about 25 undercover police were scattered throughout the crowd .	Police stood guard outside and about 25 undercover officers were scattered in the crowd.
`` Security is tight , '' said Marilynn Buckham , of Buffalo Gyn Womanservices , a sponsor of the ceremony .	"Security is tight," said Marilynn Buckham of Buffalo Gyn Womanservices, a sponsor of the ceremony.
`` But it 's not tonight we 're worried about .	< p > But it's not tonight that we're worried about.
A memorial service planned at the University of Rochester for Saturday was canceled after security plans were leaked .	A memorial service planned for Saturday at the University of Rochester was canceled after security plans were leaked.
Slepian was killed on Oct. 23 , 1999 by a sniper hiding in his backyard .	Slepian was killed by a sniper hiding in his backyard on October 23, 1999.
Earlier that day , the Slepian family sent a fax to local police explaining that abortion providers were warned that one of them might be targeted for assassination .	On the same day, the Slepian family sent a fax to local police saying that abortion providers had been warned that one of them could be the target of an attack.
On May 6 , James Kopp , 44 , was charged with the slaying .	James Kopp, 44, was charged with murder on May 6.
Kopp remains at-large and police admit that despite a worldwide search and a $1 million reward , they do n't know where he is .	Kopp remains at large and police admit they do not know where he is, despite a worldwide manhunt and a $1 million reward.
`` It 's very frustrating knowing that he 's out there , '' said Ms. Buckham .	"It's very frustrating to know he's out there," Buckham said.
Sunday 's yahrtzeit service ---- a Jewish ceremony that commemorates the dead with the lighting of a 24-hour candle ---- included the lighting of candles for the seven people killed and 12 people injured in abortion-related violence since 1993 .	Sunday's service - a Jewish ceremony in which the dead are commemorated by lighting a 24-hour candle - included lighting candles for the seven dead and 12 wounded who have been killed in abortion-related violence since 1993.
A tearful audience also listened to registered nurse Emily Lyons , who has undergone a number of operations since the Alabama clinic bombing and has permanently damaged eyesight .	A tearful audience also listened to nurse Emily Lyons, who has undergone a series of surgeries and permanently damaged her eyesight since the bombing of an Alabama clinic.
She spoke of Slepian and other abortion providers who have been killed .	She said Slepian and other abortion providers had been killed.
`` They paid an awful price for reproductive freedom and the women they served , '' she said .	"They paid a terrible price for reproductive freedom and the women they served," she said.
`` They risked their lives for that freedom . ''	"They risked their lives for this freedom."
U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright headed Tuesday to East Africa , seeking to demonstrate American support after the bombings that targeted U.S. embassies , but mostly claimed African lives .	U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright traveled to East Africa on Tuesday to show American support in the wake of the bombings of U.S. embassies that killed mostly African victims.
`` To America 's embassy personnel in Nairobi and Dar es Salaam , I will bring a message of solidarity in their sorrow , admiration for their courage and support for their continued efforts on behalf of our country , '' Albright said Monday before leaving Andrews Air Force Base , Maryland .	"To the American embassy staff in Nairobi and Dar es Salaam, I will convey a message of solidarity in their grief, admiration for their courage and support for their continued efforts on behalf of our country," Albright said Monday before leaving Andrews Air Force Base in Maryland.
`` To the people of Kenya and Tanzania , I will bring a message of friendship , made deeper by our shared grief , and of support in doing all we can to ease their suffering and help them start anew . ''	"I will bring a message of friendship to the people of Kenya and Tanzania, deepened by our shared grief, and support to do everything in our power to alleviate their suffering and help them begin a new beginning."
Albright , after a 16-hour flight , is scheduled to spend only five hours on the ground in Dar es Salaam , Tanzania , her first stop Tuesday morning , and then about 5 1/2 hours in Nairobi , Kenya , later in the day before returning immediately home .	After a 16-hour flight, Albright is scheduled to spend just five hours on the ground in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania, her first stop Tuesday morning, and then about five and a half hours in Nairobi, Kenya, later in the day before returning home immediately.
Albright 's visit to East Africa was designed in part to demonstrate U.S. resolve in the face of growing terrorist threats to Americans .	Albright's visit to East Africa was intended in part to demonstrate US resolve in the face of growing terrorist threats to Americans.
Some Kenyans have complained that after the Nairobi bombing , rescuers gave priority to finding American victims and to protecting evidence at the expense of saving African lives .	Some Kenyans have complained that after the Nairobi bombing, rescuers prioritized finding American victims and protecting evidence at the expense of saving African lives.
But Albright and other U.S. officials have strongly disputed that notion , saying the priority had been rescuing all possible , African and American .	But Albright and other U.S. officials have vehemently denied that notion, saying the priority has been to rescue all manner of people, African and American.
On Friday , when Albright set aside vacation plans for the hastily planned trip to East Africa , the State Department lifted a warning against travel to Kenya , whose economy relies heavily on foreign visitors , to further ease any strain in the aftermath of the tragedy .	On Friday, as Albright withdrew his vacation plans for a hastily planned trip to East Africa, the State Department lifted a travel warning for Kenya, whose economy relies heavily on foreign visitors to further ease the burden after the tragedy.
Just ahead of Albright 's one-day trip , the State Department on Sunday issued an updated `` worldwide caution '' to U.S. travelers in the aftermath of the Aug. 7 bombings at American embassies in Kenya and Tanzania and because of fresh threats to U.S. interests abroad .	Just before Albright's one-day trip, the State Department issued an updated "global warning" to U.S. travelers on Sunday following the August 7 bombings of American embassies in Kenya and Tanzania and new threats to U.S. interests abroad.
An accompanying statement specifically warned `` against all travel to Pakistan . ''	An accompanying statement explicitly warned against "travelling to Pakistan."
The State Department also ordered the departure of all non-emergency personnel and families of employees from the embassy at Islamabad and from U.S. consulates in Karachi , Lahore and Peshawar .	The State Department also ordered the departure of all staff and families of embassy staff in Islamabad and U.S. consulates in Karachi, Lahore and Peshawar.
The warnings came after Pakistan handed over to Kenyan officials a suspect in the U.S. Embassy bombings , Mohammed Saddiq Odeh , also known as Mohammad Sadiq Howaida and Abdull Bast Awadh .	The warnings came after Pakistan handed over a suspect in the bombings of the U.S. Embassy, Mohammed Saddiq Odeh, also known as Mohammad Sadiq Howaida and Abdull Bast Awadh, to Kenyan officials.
The first batch of evidence from the Nairobi bombing arrived over the weekend at the FBI lab at the bureau 's Washington headquarters and is being analyzed , FBI officials said Monday .	The first batch of evidence from the Nairobi bombing arrived at the FBI lab at its Washington headquarters over the weekend and is being analyzed, FBI officials said Monday.
Many more shipments are expected , but the first batch contained cotton swabs taken at the blast site in hopes of picking up microscopic residues that could positively identify what the bomb was made of .	Many more deliveries are expected, but the first batch contained cotton buds taken from the blast site in hopes of picking up microscopic residues that could clearly identify what the bomb was made of.
A U.S. official said last week that field tests suggested the presence of a Czech-made plastic explosive called Semtex that has been used by terrorist groups before .	A U.S. official said last week that field tests indicated the presence of a Czech-made plastic explosive called Semtex, which has already been used by terrorist groups.
While an important step , the U.S. government decision to return 6-year-old Elian Gonzalez to Cuba does not guarantee that the boy will be repatriated , the communist leadership warned .	The US government's decision to send six-year-old Elian Gonzlez back to Cuba is an important step, but does not guarantee that the boy will be returned, the communist leadership warned.
`` Nothing is certain concerning his return to Cuba , '' said a government communique , read Wednesday night at a pro-Elian rally attended by President Fidel Castro .	'Nothing is certain about his return to Cuba, 'a government statement read Wednesday night at a pro-Castro rally, which was also attended by President Fidel Castro.
Cuban exiles in Miami will now `` proceed with all their resources to impede or delay '' the decision by the Immigration and Naturalization Service .	The exiled Cubans in Miami will now "use all their resources to obstruct or delay the decision of the Immigration and Naturalization Department."
The government exhorted citizens to keep up mass protests pressing for Elian 's return until the boy comes home .	The government urged citizens to continue the mass protests and press for Elian's return until the boy returns home.
`` We cannot stop mobilizing !	We cannot stop mobilising!
The struggle must not stop for one minute ! '' said the message , read during the rally of several thousand Cuban scientists by Hassan Perez , president of the government 's University Students Federation .	The struggle must not stop for a minute! "was the message read by Hassan Perez, president of the government's student union, during the rally of several thousand Cuban scholars.
Cuba appealed to world opinion , and American opinion in particular , to help prevent its enemies in Miami from trying to block the child 's return .	Cuba appealed to world opinion, especially the American public, to prevent its enemies in Miami from trying to block the child's return.
His mother died trying to get Elian and herself to the United States .	His mother died trying to bring Elian and himself to the United States.
The boy 's father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , lives in Cuba and wants him back .	The boy's father, Juan Miguel Gonzlez, lives in Cuba and wants him back.
But Elian 's relatives in Miami have fought to keep the boy permanently , saying they could provide him with a better life than he would have on the communist island .	But Elian's relatives in Miami have fought to keep the boy permanently, saying they could offer him a better life than he would have on the communist island.
They said they would appeal the decision , announced Wednesday by INS Commissioner Doris Meissner , that Elian must be returned to his father by Jan. 14 .	They announced that they would appeal against the decision announced on Wednesday by INS Commissioner Doris Meissner that Elian must be returned to his father by 14 January.
Gonzalez has not appeared publicly since the announcement .	Gonzalez has not appeared in public since the announcement.
Neither he nor Elian 's four grandparents could be located Wednesday in their hometown of Cardenas , east of Havana .	Neither he nor Elian's four grandparents could be found Wednesday in their hometown of Cardenas, east of Havana.
While state-run television broadcast footage of Cuban exiles protesting in Miami against the repatriation of Elian Gonzalez , the Cuban government urged its people to keep up their own demonstrations to ensure the boy 's return .	While state television broadcast footage of exiled Cubans protesting in Miami against the repatriation of Elian Gonzlez, the Cuban government called on the population to continue their own demonstrations to ensure the boy's return.
The unusual airing of protests against President Fidel Castro appeared aimed at warning Cuban citizens that South Florida exiles could still force the reversal of the U.S. government 's decision to return Gonzalez to Cuba .	The unusual nature of the protests against President Fidel Castro seemed aimed at warning Cuban citizens that exiled Cubans from South Florida could still force the US government to reverse its decision to send Gonzalez back to Cuba.
Castro attended a rally Thursday by media workers at Havana 's Palace of Conventions to demand Gonzalez 's return .	Castro took part in a rally of media workers outside the Congress Palace in Havana on Thursday to demand Gonzalez's return.
For weeks the communist government has held such rallies almost daily .	For weeks, the communist government has held such rallies almost daily.
`` The case of Elian is for today 's youth what 40 years of the blockade , armed invasions , sabotage and attempts to kill President Fidel Castro were for earlier generations , '' said Cuban journalist Luis Baez , who has written several books about Cuban emigration to the United States .	"The Elian case is for today's youth what 40 years of blockade, armed invasions, sabotage and assassination attempts against President Fidel Castro were for previous generations," said Cuban journalist Luis Baez, who has written several books on Cuban emigration to the United States.
After the rally , state television showed the Cuban exiles in the streets of Miami -- some of them carrying signs demanding `` Freedom for Elian , '' the same battle cry regularly chanted during rallies on this side of the Florida Straits .	After the rally, state television showed Cubans in exile on the streets of Miami, some carrying signs that read "Freedom for Elian," the same rallying cry that was regularly chanted at rallies this side of the Florida Strait.
A voiceover to the footage called the exiles `` criminals '' and `` mafia members . ''	A spokesman described the exiles as "criminals" and "mafia members."
Hundreds of Cuban-Americans chanting `` Liberty !	Hundreds of Cubans chanted "Freedom!
Liberty ! '' blocked intersections and cut off access to the Port of Miami .	Liberty! "blocked intersections and cut off access to the Port of Miami.
In one case , riot police had to use tear gas to clear them .	In one case, riot police had to use tear gas to clear them.
Saying `` nothing is certain '' about Elian 's return , Cuba 's government exhorted citizens to keep rallying , after the boy 's relatives in Miami said they would look for ways to get around Wednesday 's ruling by the U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service to repatriate the child by Jan. 14 .	After the boy's relatives in Miami said they were looking for ways to circumvent Wednesday's decision by the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement to return the child by January 14, the Cuban government urged citizens to continue to gather.
Cuban exiles in Miami will now `` proceed with all their resources to impede or delay '' the ruling , Cuba predicted Wednesday .	Cuban exiles in Miami would now "do everything possible to prevent or delay the verdict," Cuba predicted on Wednesday.
`` We cannot stop mobilizing !	We cannot stop mobilising!
The struggle must not stop for one minute ! '' said a message that was read Wednesday night to several thousand rallying Cuban scientists .	The fight must not stop for a minute! "read a message read to several thousand gathered Cuban scientists on Wednesday evening.
Rescued on Nov. 25 by fishermen off the Florida coast , Elian has become the subject of an international custody battle .	Elian, who was rescued by fishermen off the Florida coast on November 25, has become the subject of an international custody dispute.
His mother died in a boating accident trying to get Elian and herself to the United States .	His mother died in a boating accident while trying to bring Elian and himself to the United States.
The boy 's father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , lives in Cuba and wants Elian back .	The boy's father, Juan Miguel Gonzlez, lives in Cuba and wants Elian back.
But Elian 's relatives in Miami have fought to keep the boy , saying they could provide him with a better life .	But Elian's relatives in Miami have fought for the boy's whereabouts, saying they could give him a better life.
Since the INS decision was announced Wednesday , they have said they will appeal the decision .	Since the INS decision was announced on Wednesday, they have announced that they will appeal the decision.
Gonzalez has not appeared publicly since the announcement .	Gonzalez has not appeared in public since the announcement.
Neither he nor Elian 's four grandparents could be located in their hometown of Cardenas , east of Havana .	Neither he nor Elian's four grandparents were able to settle in their hometown of Cardenas, east of Havana.
In efforts to prevent Elian Gonzalez 's return to Cuba , an anti-Castro lawmaker subpoenaed him Friday to testify before a congressional committee and one of his Miami relatives sought to become his legal guardian .	To prevent Elian Gonzalez's return to Cuba, an anti-Castro lawmaker on Friday asked him to testify before a congressional committee, and one of his relatives from Miami has tried to become his legal guardian.
Rep. Dan Burton , R-Ind. , said he subpoenaed 6-year-old Elian to testify before the Committee on Government Reform on Feb. 10 , so he remains in the country while the courts consider his case .	Rep. Dan Burton, R-Ind., said he has summoned 6-year-old Elian to testify before the House Committee on Government Reform on February 10 so he can stay in the country while the courts consider his case.
About 100 supporters cheered wildly as Elian -- holding the subpoena in front of his face while being held aloft by a relative -- appeared outside the house where he has been staying with relatives .	About 100 supporters cheered wildly when Elian - who held the summons in front of his face while being held aloft by a relative - appeared outside the house where he was staying with relatives.
He gave the peace sign before heading back indoors .	He gave the peace sign before going home.
Juan Miguel Gonzalez said during a news conference in his hometown of Cardenas .	Juan Miguel Gonzalez said during a news conference in his hometown of Cardenas.
`` I am the father of Elian and immigration has said that I am the only one who can speak for him	< p > I am Elian's father and have said that I am the only one who can speak for him
`` Why should it be delayed ?	< p > Why should it be delayed?
Elian was found Thanksgiving Day clinging to an inner tube at sea after his mother , stepfather and eight other people drowned while trying to reach Florida by boat .	Elian was found by a hose in the sea on Thanksgiving Day after his mother, stepfather and eight other people drowned while trying to reach Florida by boat.
The boy was placed with his great-uncle and great-aunt in Miami , but the Immigration and Naturalization Service ruled Wednesday that he must be returned to his father in Cuba by Jan. 14 .	The boy was placed with his great-uncle and great-aunt in Miami, but the Immigration and Naturalization Department ruled Wednesday that he must be returned to his father in Cuba by January 14.
The decision touched off protests in the Cuban-American community .	The decision sparked protests in the Cuban-American community.
Burton , the committee 's chairman , said in a release he `` issued a subpoena to Elian Gonzalez to ensure that no precipitous action is taken until the Florida State court in Miami can adequately address the Gonzalez case . ''	Burton, the committee's chairman, said in a statement that he had "issued a subpoena to Elian Gonzalez to ensure that no hasty action is taken until the Florida State Court in Miami can properly handle the Gonzalez case."
A 1996 law named for him and Sen. Jesse Helms , R-N.C. , strengthened the 1959 trade embargo against Cuba .	A 1996 law named after him and Sen. Jesse Helms, R-N.C., tightened the 1959 trade embargo on Cuba.
Committee sources who spoke on the condition of anonymity said that while the subpoena requires that Elian attend the hearing in Washington , it 's highly unlikely that his actual appearance will be sought .	Committee sources, speaking on condition of anonymity, said that while the subpoena stipulates that Elian must attend the hearing in Washington, it is highly unlikely that his actual appearance will be sought.
`` The Congress of the United States is affording Elian Gonzalez what INS and this administration has not , which is his legal right and his right to due process , '' said Jorge Mas Santos , chairman of the Cuban American National Foundation .	"The United States Congress grants Elian Gonzlez what INS and this administration do not have, namely his legal right and his right to due process," said Jorge Mas Santos, chairman of the Cuban American National Foundation.
`` This gives him the protection that he will not be repatriated to Cuba between now and Feb. 10 . ''	'It gives him the protection that he won't be sent back to Cuba until February 10. '
Earlier Friday , lawyers filed a petition on behalf of Elian 's great-uncle , Lazaro Gonzalez .	On Friday, lawyers filed a motion on behalf of Elian's great uncle Lazaro Gonzalez.
It is an attempt by his Miami relatives to get guardianship and then to file for applications for admission to the United States and asylum , said David Abraham , an immigration law professor at the University of Miami .	It was an attempt by his relatives in Miami to gain guardianship and then apply for admission to the United States and asylum, said David Abraham, an immigration law professor at the University of Miami.
Neither the lawyers nor Elian 's relatives would comment before the judge 's ruling , which is expected early next week .	Neither the lawyers nor Elian's relatives wanted to comment ahead of the judge's ruling, which is expected early next week.
In Cuba , meanwhile , tens of thousands of people rallied in a seaside plaza Friday night to demand his return .	Meanwhile, in Cuba, tens of thousands of people gathered in a seaside square on Friday night to demand his return.
`` Elian , Cardenas awaits you ... with kisses , '' a Cuban country music band sang .	"Elian, Cardenas is waiting for you... with kisses," sang a Cuban country band.
Also Friday , Miami-Dade Mayor Alex Penelas and Miami Mayor Joe Carollo , accompanied by one of the family 's lawyers , flew to Washington to appeal directly to Attorney General Janet Reno .	Also on Friday, Miami-Dade Mayor Alex Penelas and Miami Mayor Joe Carollo, accompanied by a family lawyer, flew to Washington to address Attorney General Janet Reno directly.
Gov. Jeb Bush also asked President Clinton to reverse the INS order .	Gov. Jeb Bush also called on President Clinton to reverse the INS order.
Reno said she is considering the issues raised in the meeting and the state court action .	Reno said it is reviewing the issues raised at the meeting and the lawsuit in state court.
`` I plan to respond as quickly as possible , '' she said in a statement .	"I intend to respond as quickly as possible," she said in a statement.
Reno has said she was consulted on the INS decision and approved of it .	Reno said it had been consulted on the INS decision and approved it.
Clinton said Friday the INS did the right thing .	Clinton said Friday that the INS did the right thing.
`` I believe they followed the law , '' Clinton said .	"I think they complied with the law," Clinton said.
We need to keep this out of the political process as much as possible . ''	We need to keep this out of the political process as much as possible. "
In contrast to Thursday , when two Cuban exile leaders and 133 other people were arrested and police were forced to use tear gas to disperse a crowd , protesters in Miami were much calmer Friday .	In contrast to Thursday, when two Cuban exile leaders and 133 other people were arrested and police used tear gas to disperse a crowd, protesters in Miami were markedly quieter on Friday.
However , the Cuban exile community called for more civil disobedience .	However, the Cuban exile community called for more civil disobedience.
About 100 protesters marched in front of the federal building in Orlando on Friday night , waving Cuban and American flags and chanting `` Cuba libre '' and `` long live the USA . ''	About 100 protesters marched outside the federal building in Orlando on Friday night, waving Cuban and American flags and chanting "Cuba libre" and "Long live the United States."
Two men carried a banner that said `` President Clinton , Please keep Elian in the United States . ''	Two men carried a banner reading "President Clinton, please keep Elian in the United States."
Protesters planned a large demonstration in Little Havana on Saturday and were planning to drive around Miami International Airport on Monday .	Protesters planned a large demonstration in Little Havana on Saturday and planned to bypass Miami International Airport on Monday.
`` If the child is sent back to Cuba without his day in court , all hell is going to break loose , '' said Jose Basulto , founder of Brothers to the Rescue , an anti-Castro group .	"If the child is sent back to Cuba without a court date, all hell breaks loose," said Jose Basulto, founder of the anti-Castro group Brothers to the Rescue.
The rally in Cardenas , Cuba , was marked by songs , tears and personal recollections of Elian .	The rally in Cardenas, Cuba, was marked by songs, tears and personal memories.
It was the most personal and emotional of many held since early December , when Cuban President Fidel Castro promised mass mobilization until the boy was returned to his father .	It was the most personal and emotional since early December, when Cuban President Fidel Castro promised a mass mobilization until the boy was returned to his father.
Elian 's father , his four grandparents and his great-grandmother began weeping as they sat in a row of chairs facing the stage as the group sang of the boy 's mother .	Elian's father, his four grandparents and his great-grandmother began to cry as they sat in a row of chairs in front of the stage while the group sang about the boy's mother.
Gonzalez looked particularly distraught , his eyes red from crying .	Gonzalez looked particularly distraught, his eyes red with tears.
During the day Friday , Elian played in his relatives ' yard with a puppy named Dolphin , a gift from Rep. Lincoln Diaz-Balart , R-Fla .	During the day Friday, Elian played in his relative's yard with a puppy named Dolphin, a gift from Rep. Lincoln Diaz-Balart, R-Fla.
The black Labrador chased Elian around the yard and playfully nipped at his blue soccer shorts .	The black labrador chased Elian across the yard and playfully choked on his blue football shorts.
`` Elian tells me he does not want to go back to Cuba , '' said Delfin Gonzalez , another of Elian 's great-uncles .	"Elian tells me he doesn't want to return to Cuba," said Delfin Gonzalez, another of Elian's great-uncles.
He said Elian wants his family to come here .	He said Elian wants his family to come here.
The grandmother of Elian Gonzalez said she is willing to go to Miami to bring the six-year-old boy home to Cuba , while Fidel Castro 's point man on U.S. relations expressed impatience at Washington 's failure to enforce a repatriation order .	Elian Gonzalez's grandmother said she was ready to go to Miami to take the six-year-old boy to Cuba, while Fidel Castro, who is in charge of relations with the United States, expressed impatience with Washington's failure to enforce a repatriation order.
In a massive demonstration demanding Elian 's return , tens of thousands of Cuban women -- hundreds visibly pregnant and others carrying small children -- marched along Havana 's seaside boulevard on Friday to the U.S. mission , waving Cuban flags and chanting `` Bring back our son ! ''	On Friday, tens of thousands of Cuban women - hundreds visibly pregnant and others with young children - marched along Havana's seafront boulevard to the U.S. Embassy, waving Cuban flags and chanting "Bring our son back!"
Elian 's young stepmother , Nelsy , flanked by his two grandmothers , was at the head of the `` March of the Combatant Mothers , '' pushing his half-brother in a stroller .	Elian's young stepmother, Nelsy, flanked by his two grandmothers, led the "March of Struggling Mothers," pushing his half-brother in a stroller.
Cuban authorities estimated that 100,000 women participated in the march .	Cuban authorities estimated that 100,000 women took part in the march.
The protest marked a return to the larger demonstrations of early December , when hundreds of thousands of people rallied in some of Cuba 's biggest gatherings since the triumph of the revolution that brought President Castro to power 41 years ago .	The protest marked a return to the larger demonstrations in early December, when hundreds of thousands of people attended some of Cuba's biggest rallies since the triumph of the revolution that brought President Castro to power 41 years ago.
Elian , the boy at the center of the international dispute , was found clinging to an inner tube Nov. 25 off the coast of Florida after his mother , stepfather and others died in a failed attempt to reach U.S. shores .	Elian, the boy at the center of the international dispute, was found hanging from a hose off the Florida coast on November 25 after his mother, stepfather and others died in a failed attempt to reach the U.S. coast.
He has been staying with relatives in Miami who do not want to send him back to Cuba .	He has been staying with relatives in Miami who do not want to send him back to Cuba.
The U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service had ruled that Elian must be returned to his father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , and set Friday as the deadline for his repatriation to Cuba .	The U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service had ruled that Elian must be returned to his father, Juan Miguel Gonzalez, and set Friday as the deadline for his return to Cuba.
But this week , Attorney General Janet Reno lifted the deadline to give Elian 's relatives in Miami a chance to fight in federal court to keep the boy with them .	But this week, Attorney General Janet Reno lifted the deadline to give Elian's relatives in Miami a chance to fight in federal court to keep the boy with them.
Ricardo Alarcon , president of the National Assembly and Castro 's point man on U.S. - Cuban relations , told The Associated Press that Cuban authorities are frustrated by Reno 's failure to set a new deadline and the INS 's failure to enforce its decision .	Ricardo Alarcon, president of the National Assembly and Castro's point of contact for U.S.-Cuban relations, told The Associated Press that Cuban authorities were frustrated by Reno's failure to set a new deadline and the INS's failure to enforce its decision.
`` No enforcement action was ever announced by the INS , '' he said .	"The INS has never announced an enforcement action," he said.
Alarcon , former Cuban ambassador to the United Nations , dismissed suggestions by some U.S. politicians and Elian 's relatives in Miami that Elian 's father travel from Cardenas , Cuba , to Miami to pick up the boy .	Alarcon, a former Cuban ambassador to the United Nations, rejected suggestions by some U.S. politicians and Elian's relatives in Miami that Elian's father should travel from Cardenas, Cuba, to Miami to pick up the boy.
He said Cuba has not prohibited Gonzalez from going to Miami to retrieve Elian , American attorneys -- and even American officials -- have counseled against it .	He said Cuba had not banned Gonzalez from traveling to Miami to retrieve Elian, and American lawyers - and even American officials - had advised against it.
`` We have gotten the same message from U.S. officials -- in private -- several times that it is not advisable for this man to appear in U.S. territory , '' said Alarcon .	"We have received the same message from U.S. officials - privately - several times that it is not advisable for this man to appear on U.S. territory," Alarcon said.
The concern in Cuba always has been that if Gonzalez goes he will immediately become involved in political and legal problems that will prevent his speedy return .	The concern in Cuba has always been that if Gonzlez leaves, he will immediately become embroiled in political and legal problems that prevent his speedy return.
Elian 's paternal grandmother , Mariela , told reporters that she was willing to go to Miami to retrieve her grandson if it was assured to her that she could pick him up and return immediately to Cuba without become embroiled in legal or political problems .	Elian's paternal grandmother, Mariela, told reporters she was willing to go to Miami to pick up her grandson if she was assured that she could pick him up and immediately return to Cuba without getting involved in legal or political problems.
`` I would go there just for one minute to get him .	< p > I would just go for a minute to get him.
To get him .	To get him.
Nothing more , '' she said .	No more, "she said.
Since his sea rescue , Elian has been increasingly referred to in Cuba as `` our son , '' a boy hero symbolizing the government 's decades-long ideological battle with Cuban exiles in Miami .	Since his rescue at sea, Elian has increasingly been referred to in Cuba as "our son," a "boy hero" who symbolizes the government's decades-long ideological struggle with exiled Cubans in Miami.
Reno allowed the extension of the deadline after rejecting a Florida state court order that Elian remain in Miami until March 6 to hear arguments by his American relatives .	Reno allowed the deadline to be extended after rejecting an order from a Florida court that Elian stay in Miami until March 6 to hear arguments from his American relatives.
Reno said the state court had no jurisdiction in the case , but that the Miami relatives should be able to make their case in federal court .	Reno said the state court has no jurisdiction in the case, but that relatives in Miami should be able to make their case in federal court.
Elian 's paternal great-uncle , Lazaro Gonzalez , is fighting to keep the boy with him in Miami , saying he can give the child a better life outside Cuba .	Elian's paternal great-uncle, Lazaro Gonzalez, is fighting to keep the boy with him in Miami, saying he can give the child a better life outside Cuba.
He and others who oppose the boy 's return to Cuba say that Elian 's mother died to give the boy freedom in the United States .	He and other opponents of the boy's return to Cuba say Elian's mother died to give the boy freedom in the United States.
While state-run television broadcast footage of Cuban exiles protesting in Miami against the repatriation of Elian Gonzalez , the Cuban government urged its people to keep up their own demonstrations to ensure the boy 's return .	While state television broadcast footage of exiled Cubans protesting in Miami against the repatriation of Elian Gonzlez, the Cuban government called on the population to continue their own demonstrations to ensure the boy's return.
The unusual airing of protests against President Fidel Castro appeared aimed at warning Cuban citizens that South Florida exiles could still force the reversal of the U.S. government 's decision to return Gonzalez to Cuba .	The unusual nature of the protests against President Fidel Castro seemed aimed at warning Cuban citizens that exiled Cubans from South Florida could still force the US government to reverse its decision to send Gonzalez back to Cuba.
Castro attended a rally Thursday by media workers at Havana 's Palace of Conventions to demand Gonzalez 's return .	Castro took part in a rally of media workers outside the Congress Palace in Havana on Thursday to demand Gonzalez's return.
For weeks the communist government has held such rallies almost daily .	For weeks, the communist government has held such rallies almost daily.
`` The case of Elian is for today 's youth what 40 years of the blockade , armed invasions , sabotage and attempts to kill President Fidel Castro were for earlier generations , '' said Cuban journalist Luis Baez , who has written several books about Cuban emigration to the United States .	"The Elian case is for today's youth what 40 years of blockade, armed invasions, sabotage and assassination attempts against President Fidel Castro were for previous generations," said Cuban journalist Luis Baez, who has written several books on Cuban emigration to the United States.
After the rally , state television showed the Cuban exiles in the streets of Miami -- some of them carrying signs demanding `` Freedom for Elian , '' the same battle cry regularly chanted during rallies on this side of the Florida Straits .	After the rally, state television showed Cubans in exile on the streets of Miami, some carrying signs that read "Freedom for Elian," the same rallying cry that was regularly chanted at rallies this side of the Florida Strait.
A voiceover to the footage called the exiles `` criminals '' and `` mafia members . ''	A spokesman described the exiles as "criminals" and "mafia members."
Hundreds of Cuban-Americans chanting `` Liberty !	Hundreds of Cubans chanted "Freedom!
Liberty ! '' blocked intersections and cut off access to the Port of Miami .	Liberty! "blocked intersections and cut off access to the Port of Miami.
In one case , riot police had to use tear gas to clear them .	In one case, riot police had to use tear gas to clear them.
Saying `` nothing is certain '' about Elian 's return , Cuba 's government exhorted citizens to keep rallying , after the boy 's relatives in Miami said they would look for ways to get around Wednesday 's ruling by the U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service to repatriate the child by Jan. 14 .	After the boy's relatives in Miami said they were looking for ways to circumvent Wednesday's decision by the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement to return the child by January 14, the Cuban government urged citizens to continue to gather.
Cuban exiles in Miami will now `` proceed with all their resources to impede or delay '' the ruling , Cuba predicted Wednesday .	Cuban exiles in Miami would now "do everything possible to prevent or delay the verdict," Cuba predicted on Wednesday.
`` We cannot stop mobilizing !	We cannot stop mobilising!
The struggle must not stop for one minute ! '' said a message that was read Wednesday night to several thousand rallying Cuban scientists .	The fight must not stop for a minute! "read a message read to several thousand gathered Cuban scientists on Wednesday evening.
Rescued on Nov. 25 by fishermen off the Florida coast , Elian has become the subject of an international custody battle .	Elian, who was rescued by fishermen off the Florida coast on November 25, has become the subject of an international custody dispute.
His mother died in a boating accident trying to get Elian and herself to the United States .	His mother died in a boating accident while trying to bring Elian and himself to the United States.
The boy 's father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , lives in Cuba and wants Elian back .	The boy's father, Juan Miguel Gonzlez, lives in Cuba and wants Elian back.
But Elian 's relatives in Miami have fought to keep the boy , saying they could provide him with a better life .	But Elian's relatives in Miami have fought for the boy's whereabouts, saying they could give him a better life.
Since the INS decision was announced Wednesday , they have said they will appeal the decision .	Since the INS decision was announced on Wednesday, they have announced that they will appeal the decision.
Gonzalez has not appeared publicly since the announcement .	Gonzalez has not appeared in public since the announcement.
Neither he nor Elian 's four grandparents could be located in their hometown of Cardenas , east of Havana .	Neither he nor Elian's four grandparents were able to settle in their hometown of Cardenas, east of Havana.
Canadian authorities issued a nationwide arrest warrant Monday for James Charles Kopp , a U.S. fugitive on the FBI 's most wanted list for an alleged anti-abortion murder .	Canadian authorities on Monday issued a nationwide arrest warrant for James Charles Kopp, a U.S. fugitive on the FBI's wanted list for an alleged murder of anti-abortion activists.
Kopp also is wanted for questioning in at least two other shootings of doctors who performed abortions .	Kopp is also wanted for at least two other shootings of doctors who performed abortions.
The Canadian warrant issued Monday charged Kopp with attempted murder in the 1995 shooting of Dr. Hugh Short , who was wounded in the elbow but survived the attack at his home in Ancaster , Ontario .	The Canadian arrest warrant issued Monday charges Kopp with attempted murder in the 1995 shooting of Dr. Hugh Short, who was wounded in the elbow but survived the attack at his home in Ancaster, Ontario.
`` It allows us to spread his name far and wide across Canada and say that he is wanted for attempted murder , '' said police Inspector Dave Bowen .	"It allows us to spread his name across Canada and say he is wanted for attempted murder," said Police Inspector Dave Bowen.
Kopp , who is from Vermont , was indicted last year in the October 1998 shooting death of Dr. Barnet Slepian , an obstetrician in Buffalo , New York .	Kopp, who is from Vermont, was charged last year with fatally shooting Dr. Barnet Slepian, an obstetrician in Buffalo, New York, in October 1998.
He also is wanted in connection with the shooting of doctors in Winnipeg , Vancouver and Rochester , New York .	He is also wanted in connection with the shootings of doctors in Winnipeg, Vancouver and Rochester, New York.
Slepian was killed by a single gunshot fired from a wooded area through a window of his home .	Slepian was killed by a single shot fired from a wooded area through a window of his home.
Kopp purports to be a devout Roman Catholic , and the majority of jobs he has held over the past 20 years have been related to the anti-abortion movement , the U.S. Justice Department said last year .	Kopp claims to be a devout Catholic, and the majority of the jobs he has held in the past 20 years have been related to the anti-abortion movement, the U.S. Justice Department said last year.
He has been arrested more than a dozen times during abortion protests in seven states and Italy .	He has been arrested more than a dozen times during abortion protests in seven states and Italy.
The FBI says Kopp has used 29 aliases .	The FBI says Kopp used 29 aliases.
He was the 456th person to be placed on the FBI 's most wanted list , which began in 1950 .	He was the 456th person to be placed on the FBI's wanted list.
Since then , 427 fugitives have been taken into custody or located , 133 of them as a result of citizen assistance , the FBI said .	Since then, 427 fugitives have been taken into custody or tracked down, 133 of them for citizen assistance, the FBI said.
A total of $650,000 is being offered in the United States for information leading to Kopp 's arrest .	A total of $650,000 is being offered in the US for information leading to Kopps' arrest.
Calling the mother of Elian Gonzalez `` an excellent girl , '' President Fidel Castro said Friday she had been `` practically kidnapped '' by the boyfriend who perished along with her on the boat wreck her 6-year-old son survived .	President Fidel Castro called Elian Gonzalez's mother "an outstanding girl" and said Friday she was "practically kidnapped" by the boyfriend who died with her in the shipwreck that her six-year-old son survived.
Castro 's remarks to a conference of economists were aimed at those who say that Elian should remain in the United States because his mother sacrificed his life to take her to `` freedom , '' a vision he called a cliche .	Castro's remarks to a conference of economists were aimed at those who say Elian should stay in the United States because his mother sacrificed his life to lead them to "freedom," a vision he called a clich.
He placed the blame on Lazaro Rafael Munero , who apparently organized the ill-fated journey on which Elian 's mother Elisabeth Brotons and 10 other people -- including Munero -- died .	He blamed Lazaro Rafael Munero, who apparently organized the fateful trip that killed Elian's mother, Elizabeth Brotons, and ten other people, including Munero.
Castro called Munero -- who reportedly drove a taxi and engaged in unofficial businesses in the Cuban city of Cardenas -- a `` ruffian '' on whom Cuban police had amassed '' 100 pages of reports . ''	Castro called Munero - who reportedly drove a taxi and ran unofficial businesses in the Cuban city of Cardenas - a "Ruffian" about whom Cuban police had amassed "100 pages of reports."
According to sources quoted by the Miami Herald , Munero had fled to Florida in June 1998 and returned to Cuba later that year , only to be jailed for several months .	According to sources quoted by the Miami Herald, Munero fled to Florida in June 1998 and returned to Cuba later that year, only to be detained for several months.
`` The mother was practically kidnapped along with the boy '' to make the late-November trip , Castro said .	"The mother was effectively kidnapped along with the boy" to make the trip in late November, Castro said.
The Cuban leader said Elian had been especially loved by his parents because the mother had earlier suffered seven miscarriages .	The Cuban leader said Elian was especially loved by his parents because his mother had previously suffered seven miscarriages.
Earlier Friday , Cuba 's communist government celebrated the birth of independence hero Jose Marti on Friday with rallies calling for the return of Elian Gonzalez , the `` boy martyr '' at the center of an international custody battle .	On Friday, Cuba's communist government celebrated the birth of independence hero Jose Marti with rallies calling for the return of Elian Gonzalez, the "martyr of the boy" at the center of an international custody dispute.
Tens of thousands of children flooded Havana 's Plaza of the Revolution to deliver a dual homage to Marti and Elian , the 6-year-old Cuban whose rescue off Florida 's coast two months ago set off a tug-of-war between relatives living on both sides of the Florida Straits .	Tens of thousands of children flocked to Havana's Revolution Square to pay tribute to Marti and Elian, the six-year-old Cuban whose rescue off the Florida coast two months ago sparked a tug-of-war between relatives on both sides of the Florida Strait.
Wearing their red Communist Pioneer neckerchiefs , a string of young boys and girls recited poems they wrote for Elian , dubbed Cuba 's `` boy hero '' and `` symbolic child , '' and for Marti , commonly known on the island as Cuba 's `` teacher '' and `` apostle . ''	In their red neckerchiefs of the communist pioneers, a number of boys and girls recited poems they had written for Elian, described as Cuba's "boy hero" and "symbolic child," and for Marti, commonly known on the island as Cuba's "teacher" and "apostle."
The Communist Party daily Granma compared Elian with revolutionary icon Ernesto `` Che '' Guevara and said the boy `` has been converted forever into a symbol of the crimes and injustices that imperialism is capable of committing against an innocent . ''	The Communist Party newspaper Granma compared Elian to revolutionary icon Ernesto < unk > Che'Guevara and said the boy < unk > "has forever become a symbol of the crimes and injustices that imperialism can commit against an innocent person."
The commemorations were similar to those held here annually for Marti , the revolutionary and poet who fought for Cuba 's independence from Spain in 1898 .	The commemorations were similar to those held annually here for Marti, the revolutionary and poet who fought for Cuba's independence from Spain in 1898.
But this year , children wore T-shirts bearing Elian 's portrait with their school uniforms .	But this year, the children wore T-shirts with Elian's likeness and school uniforms.
The commemorations began early Friday morning , as tens of thousands of Cubans marched through Havana 's streets by torchlight .	The commemorations began early Friday morning, as tens of thousands of Cubans marched through the streets of Havana under a torch.
Similar events were held all day in the capital and across the island .	Similar events were held throughout the day in the capital and across the island.
In Old Havana , hundreds of children marched around the Parque Central chanting `` We will save Elian ! ''	In Old Havana, hundreds of children marched through Parque Central, chanting, "We will save Elian!" "
A small group of girls wore construction paper handcuffs -- an apparent reference to the government 's characterization of Elian 's retention in the United States as a `` kidnapping . ''	A small group of girls were wearing handcuffs made of construction paper - an apparent reference to the government calling Elian's whereabouts in the United States a "kidnapping."
Fidel Castro 's government has been using such traditional political events -- along with other rallies almost every day -- to draw attention to the case of Elian , who was rescued Nov. 25 while clinging to an inner tube .	Fidel Castro's government has used such traditional political events - along with other rallies almost every day - to draw attention to the case of Elian, who was rescued on November 25 while clinging to a hose.
His mother and 10 others died at sea while trying to reach the United States .	His mother and 10 others died at sea while trying to reach the United States.
For the past two months , Elian 's father has demanded that the boy be returned to him in Cuba , and the U.S. government has said that father and son should be reunited .	For the past two months, Elian's father has demanded that the boy be returned to Cuba, and the U.S. government has said that father and son should be reunited.
But Elian 's paternal great-uncle in the United States , backed by the anti-Castro Cuban American National Foundation , is fighting in the courts to keep the boy in Miami .	But Elian's paternal great uncle is fighting in court in the United States, supported by the anti-Castro Cuban American National Foundation, to keep the boy in Miami.
Cuba kept up its condemnation of the handling of Wednesday 's meeting between Elian and his grandmothers at the home of a Roman Catholic nun in Miami Beach , Fla .	Cuba continued to condemn the handling of Wednesday's meeting between Elian and his grandmothers at the home of a Roman Catholic nun in Miami Beach, Florida.
Sister Jeanne O'Laughlin said after the meeting she thought Elian should stay in the United States .	Sister Jeanne O'Laughlin said after the meeting that she thought Elian should stay in the United States.
`` First Fruits of the Monstrousness , '' read the full-page editorial on the front of Friday 's edition of the Communist Party daily Granma .	"First Fruits of the Monstrousness," read the full-page editorial on the front page of the Friday edition of the Communist Party newspaper Granma.
It offered more details and criticisms of the perceived treatment that Elian 's grandmothers , Mariela Quintana and Raquel Rodriguez , received from O'Laughlin , the Miami relatives and other anti-Castro Cubans during the encounter .	It included more details and criticism of the perceived treatment Elian's grandmothers, Mariela Quintana and Raquel Rodriguez, received during the meeting between O'Laughlin, relatives in Miami and other anti-Castro Cubans.
In an interview with the Spanish language broadcast of CNN , Elian 's father also criticized how the meeting was handled .	In an interview with Spanish-language broadcaster CNN, Elian's father also criticized the handling of the meeting.
He repeated charges that his relatives and others in Miami had offered him money to stay in the United States with his son .	He repeated allegations that his relatives and others in Miami had offered him money to stay in the United States with his son.
`` They are not going to buy me , '' said Juan Miguel Gonzalez .	"They're not going to buy me," Juan Miguel Gonzalez said.
`` What is important for me is that they return the boy to me as soon as possible . ''	"The important thing for me is that they give the boy back to me as soon as possible." "
The Justice Department is reviewing whether alcohol-related driving violations or other actions by Elian Gonzalez' relatives in Miami warrant moving the 6-year-old boy to a different , temporary custodian .	The Justice Department is looking into whether alcohol-related driving violations or other actions by Elian Gonzalez's relatives in Miami justify moving the 6-year-old boy to another temporary custody facility.
`` That matter is under review , '' Deputy Attorney General Eric Holder said when asked Thursday about the violations .	"This matter is under review," Deputy Attorney General Eric Holder said Thursday when asked about the violations.
`` We will look at that , try to make some kind of factual determination and then decide what steps , if any , need to be taken . ''	'We'll look at that, try to make some kind of factual decision and then decide what steps, if any, need to be taken. '
In addition , the department is still considering a request last week from Elian 's father in Cuba , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , to have Elian 's temporary custody shifted from his great-uncle Lazaro Gonzalez to another great-uncle , Manolo Gonzalez .	In addition, the ministry is still considering a request by Elian's father in Cuba, Juan Miguel Gonzlez, to transfer Elian's temporary custody from his great uncle Lazaro Gonzlez to another great uncle, Manolo Gonzlez.
Juan Miguel Gonzalez objected to the media access to Elian that Lazaro Gonzalez 's family has permitted and to the treatment of Elian by psychologists selected by Lazaro Gonzalez 's family .	Juan Miguel Gonzlez objected to media access to Elian, which Lazaro Gonzlez's family had allowed, and to the treatment of Elian by psychologists selected by Lazaro Gonzlez's family.
Meantime , the possibility of a meeting between Attorney General Janet Reno and Lazaro Gonzalez 's family reemerged Thursday .	Meanwhile, the possibility of a meeting between Attorney General Janet Reno and Lazaro Gonzalez's family resurfaced on Thursday.
Reno agreed to a meeting earlier this week , only to have Lazaro Gonzalez 's family withdraw the request .	Reno agreed to a meeting earlier this week, only to have Lazaro Gonzalez's family withdraw the request.
But discussions have been renewed , a Justice official said Thursday .	But talks have resumed, a judicial official said Thursday.
Later Thursday , two of Elian 's Miami cousins sought support on Capitol Hill for legislation that would help keep the boy in America .	Later on Thursday, two of Elian's cousins in Miami sought support on Capitol Hill for legislation to help keep the boy in America.
One of them , Marisleysis Gonzalez , told a news conference that reports of alcohol-related violations by relatives should not have bearing on the custody case .	One of them, Marisleysis Gonzalez, said at a news conference that reports of alcohol-related injuries by relatives should not affect the custody case.
`` We 're doing what 's in Elian 's best interest .	< p > We're doing what's in Elian's interest.
My family is a very close family , '' she said .	My family is a very close family, "she said.
Another cousin , Georgina Cid , said Elian 's father had intended to flee Cuba himself , but was being coerced by the Castro government to stay and make certain statements .	Another cousin, Georgina Cid, said Elian's father had intended to flee Cuba himself but was forced by the Castro government to stay and make certain statements.
`` He wanted to reunite with his son -- but not in Cuba , '' Cid said .	"He wanted to be reunited with his son - but not in Cuba," Cid said.
She said she and other family members had spoken to Elian 's father by phone both before and after the mother perished .	She said she and other family members had spoken to Elian's father on the phone both before and after his mother's death.
The father 's response when learning that his boy was safe in Miami was `` take care of him until I can go , meaning go to the United States , '' Cid said .	The father's response when he learned that his boy was safe in Miami was, "Take care of him until I can go to the United States," "Cid said.
A group of Florida lawmakers introduced legislation this month to grant Elian American citizenship , which would take the decision about Elian 's future away from INS and give it to a Florida family court .	A group of Florida lawmakers this month introduced a bill granting Elian American citizenship that would take the decision on Elian's future away from INS and hand it over to a Florida family court.
Support for the bill has been waning .	Support for the law is waning.
Reno has already met with Lazaro Gonzalez 's lawyer and a Catholic nun from Miami who oppose his return to Cuba , as well as with Elian 's two grandmothers from Cuba , who want him returned .	Reno has already met with Lazaro Gonzalez's lawyer and a Catholic nun from Miami who oppose his return to Cuba, as well as Elian's two Cuban grandmothers who want his return.
In Havana , Elian 's father joined President Fidel Castro on Thursday in a packed auditorium in what has become a daily public rally to press for the boy 's return .	In Havana on Thursday, Elian's father gathered with President Fidel Castro in a packed auditorium for what has become a daily public rally to press for the boy's return.
Speaker after speaker denounced the United States and extolled the virtues of Cuba 's communist revolution .	One speaker after another denounced the United States and extolled the virtues of the communist revolution in Cuba.
A Justice official , who requested anonymity , said the department has authority , if necessary , to shift temporary custody to someone other than Lazaro Gonzalez .	A judicial official, who requested anonymity, said the ministry has the authority, if necessary, to transfer the temporary detention to someone other than Lazaro Gonzalez.
The boy was placed in his care after being found clinging to an inner tube in the Atlantic last Thanksgiving following a boat wreck that killed his mother and 10 other people .	The boy was placed in his care after he was found on a hose in the Atlantic Ocean last Thanksgiving following a boating accident that killed his mother and 10 other people.
The Immigration and Naturalization Service has ruled in favor of the father 's request that the boy be returned to him in Cuba , but that decision was put on hold while the Miami relatives battle in federal court to keep him in this country .	The Immigration and Naturalization Department granted the father's request to send the boy back to Cuba, but that decision has been put on hold while relatives in Miami fight in federal court to keep him in that country.
Holder said that INS acted appropriately but `` now that we have this new information , we 'll have to look at it , and see , like I said , what steps if any are appropriate . ''	Holder said the INS acted appropriately, but "now that we have this new information, we need to look at it and see what steps, as I said, are appropriate."
Florida state records show Lazaro Gonzalez , 49 , was found guilty of driving under the influence of alcohol at least twice from 1991 to 1997 .	Florida State records show Lazaro Gonzalez, 49, was found guilty of driving under the influence of alcohol at least twice between 1991 and 1997.
Records also show Lazaro Gonzalez 's 62-year-old brother , Delfin Gonzalez , has been found guilty at least twice of driving under the influence .	Records also show that Lazaro Gonzalez's 62-year-old brother, Delfin Gonzalez, was found guilty of driving under the influence of alcohol at least twice.
On Wednesday , Ricardo Alarcon , head of Cuba 's National Assembly and Castro 's key man for U.S. - Cuban relations , said the convictions prove the homes of those uncles are no place for Elian .	On Wednesday, Ricardo Alarcon, head of the Cuban National Assembly and Castro's key figure in U.S.-Cuban relations, said the convictions prove that the houses of these uncles are no place for Elian.
`` Practically everyone surrounding him either has been , or may be in the future , joining the prison system in the U.S. That 's not the best interest of the child , '' Alarcon told reporters in Havana .	"Virtually everyone who surrounds him has either joined the prison system in the United States or may do so in the future," Alarcon told reporters in Havana.
He said Elian was `` surrounded by two drunks . ''	Elian was "surrounded by two drunks."
Armando Gutierrez , a spokesman for the Miami relatives , dismissed the criticism : `` Elian is surrounded by love . ''	Armando Gutierrez, a spokesman for the relatives in Miami, dismissed the criticism, saying "Elian is surrounded by love."
Elian 's relatives and other Miami supporters say his mother died to give him freedom .	Elian's relatives and other supporters in Miami say his mother died to give him freedom.
The newspaper of Cuba 's Communist Party , daily Gramma , published a letter Thursday from Elian 's grandmothers to Reno and Immigration and Naturalization Service Commissioner Doris Meissner asking for Elian 's return .	Cuba's Communist Party newspaper, Gramma, published a letter from Elian's grandmothers to Reno and Immigration and Naturalization Commissioner Doris Meissner on Thursday calling for Elian's return.
`` No material good exists that can compete with the value of the family , and it is humiliating for us that people are still questioning our love and the future that awaits Elian at his home , '' said a Spanish version of the letter , dated Feb. 4 .	"There is no material good that can compete with the value of the family, and it is shameful for us that people are still questioning our love and the future that awaits Elian at home," reads a Spanish version of the February 4 letter.
Elian Gonzalez 's father said in a letter published Wednesday that he wants Cuban diplomats based in Washington to meet with his 6-year-old son in Miami and check on his condition .	Elian Gonzalez's father said in a letter released Wednesday that he wants Cuban diplomats based in Washington to meet his six-year-old son in Miami and check on his condition.
`` We are worried not only about his prolonged kidnapping , '' Juan Miguel Gonzalez wrote in a letter published on the front page of the Communist Party daily Granma .	"We are not only concerned about his long abduction," Juan Miguel Gonzlez wrote in a letter published on the front page of the Communist Party newspaper Granma.
`` We lack direct information about the concrete conditions to which he is subjected in his daily life . ''	"We lack direct information about the concrete conditions he is exposed to in his daily life."
It was likely to be opposed by Elian 's Miami relatives , who are fighting to keep the boy in the United States and who have said they think Gonzalez is being controlled by Fidel Castro 's government .	Elian's relatives in Miami, who are fighting to keep the boy in the United States and believe Gonzalez is controlled by Fidel Castro's government, are likely to oppose it.
Gonzalez also wrote to Attorney General Janet Reno earlier this week , demanding that Elian be returned to him and saying he does not recognize the courts hearing the custody battle .	Gonzalez also wrote to Attorney General Janet Reno earlier this week demanding Elian be returned, saying he does not recognize the courts that are handling the custody dispute.
The Justice Department said it was reviewing that letter .	The Justice Department said it was reviewing the letter.
Gonzalez 's second letter to Reno in two weeks was published in Granma on Tuesday .	Gonzalez's second letter to Reno in two weeks was published Tuesday in Granma.
`` I formally object to the legal moves made or being made by those who are arbitrarily retaining Elian , '' Gonzalez said in the letter , dated Monday .	"I formally object to the legal actions of those who arbitrarily retain Elian," Gonzalez said in Monday's letter.
In the letter , Gonzalez said he does not recognize the jurisdiction of theU.S. court system , which is weighing an attempt by Elian 's Miami relatives to block his return to Cuba .	In the letter, Gonzalez said he did not recognize the jurisdiction of the U.S. court system, which is weighing an attempt by Elian's relatives in Miami to block his return to Cuba.
Elian has been the focus of an international custody battle since he was found on an inner tube off the Florida coast on Nov. 25 .	Elian has been at the center of an international custody dispute since he was found in a hose off the Florida coast on November 25.
The boy 's mother and 10 other people died when their boat sank on the way from Cuba to the UnitedStates .	The boy's mother and 10 other people died when their boat sank en route from Cuba to the United States.
Elian is staying with his paternal great-uncle Lazaro Gonzalez , who is fighting to keep the boy with him in the United States .	Elian remains with his paternal great uncle, Lazaro Gonzalez, who is fighting to keep the boy with him in the United States.
Cuban exiles in Miami say the boy 's mother died to give him freedom in the United States , while theCuban government maintains Elian is being improperly kept from his father .	Cuban exiles in Miami say the boy's mother died to give him freedom in the United States, while the Cuban government claims Elian is being unlawfully kept away from his father.
`` Juan Miguel must not have written the letter himself , '' said Armando Gutierrez , spokesman for Elian 's relatives in Miami .	"Juan Miguel must not have written the letter himself," said Armando Gutierrez, a spokesman for Elian's relatives in Miami.
`` Castro must be dreaming for the family to allow Cuban spies inside Lazaro Gonzalez 's home . ''	< p > Castro must dream that the family will let Cuban spies into Lazaro Gonzalez's house. '
Lawyers for the relatives in Miami filed a brief in federal court on Monday arguing the Immigration and Naturalization Service cannot return Elian to Cuba without holding a political asylum hearing .	Lawyers for the relatives in Miami filed a lawsuit in federal court on Monday, arguing that the immigration and naturalization agency could not send Elian back to Cuba without holding a hearing on political asylum.
U.S. government lawyers have moved to dismiss the Miami relatives ' lawsuit , arguing that they have no legal standing in the boy 's case .	US government lawyers have dismissed the Miami-based relatives' lawsuit, arguing they have no legal standing in the boy's case.
The INS ruled last month that only Elian 's father has the right to speak for the boy in immigration matters .	The INS ruled last month that only Elian's father has the right to speak for the boy in immigration matters.
Elian Gonzalez 's father said in a letter published Wednesday that he wants Cuban diplomats based in Washington to meet with his 6-year-old son in Miami and check on his condition .	Elian Gonzalez's father said in a letter released Wednesday that he wants Cuban diplomats based in Washington to meet his six-year-old son in Miami and check on his condition.
`` We are worried not only about his prolonged kidnapping , '' Juan Miguel Gonzalez wrote in a letter published on the front page of the Communist Party daily Granma .	"We are not only concerned about his long abduction," Juan Miguel Gonzlez wrote in a letter published on the front page of the Communist Party newspaper Granma.
`` We lack direct information about the concrete conditions to which he is subjected in his daily life . ''	"We lack direct information about the concrete conditions he is exposed to in his daily life."
It was likely to be opposed by Elian 's Miami relatives , who are fighting to keep the boy in the United States and who have said they think Gonzalez is being controlled by Fidel Castro 's government .	Elian's relatives in Miami, who are fighting to keep the boy in the United States and believe Gonzalez is controlled by Fidel Castro's government, are likely to oppose it.
Hundreds of former fighters in the revolution that brought Castro to power 42 years ago gathered Wednesday night to denounce the Miami `` worms '' who support Elian 's being kept in the United States .	Hundreds of former combatants of the revolution that brought Castro to power 42 years ago gathered Wednesday night to denounce the Miami-Dade County sheriff's deputies who backed his stay in the United States.
With Castro and other historic revolutionary leaders sitting in the front row of Havana 's Conventions Palace , a string of former guerrillas called for the return of `` our Elian '' to his father on the communist island .	While Castro and other revolutionary leaders sat in the front row of Havana's Congress Palace, a number of former guerrillas called for "our Elian" to be returned to his father on the communist island.
Gonzalez had written a letter earlier this week to Attorney General Janet Reno , demanding Elian be returned to him and saying he did not recognize the courts hearing the custody battle .	Gonzalez had written a letter to Attorney General Janet Reno earlier this week reclaiming Elian, saying he did not recognize the courts handling the custody dispute.
The Justice Department said it was reviewing that letter .	The Justice Department said it was reviewing the letter.
Gonzalez 's second letter to Reno in two weeks was published in Granma on Tuesday .	Gonzalez's second letter to Reno in two weeks was published Tuesday in Granma.
`` I formally object to the legal moves made or being made by those who are arbitrarily retaining Elian , '' Gonzalez said in the letter , dated Monday .	"I formally object to the legal actions of those who arbitrarily retain Elian," Gonzalez said in Monday's letter.
In the letter , Gonzalez said he does not recognize the jurisdiction of the U.S. court system , which is weighing an attempt by Elian 's Miami relatives to block his return to Cuba .	In the letter, Gonzalez said he did not recognize the jurisdiction of the U.S. court system, which is weighing an attempt by Elian's relatives in Miami to block his return to Cuba.
Elian has been the focus of an international custody battle since he was found on an inner tube off the Florida coast on Nov. 25 .	Elian has been at the center of an international custody dispute since he was found in a hose off the Florida coast on November 25.
The boy 's mother and 10 other people died when their boat sank on the way from Cuba to the United States .	The boy's mother and 10 other people died when their boat sank en route from Cuba to the United States.
Elian is staying with his paternal great-uncle Lazaro Gonzalez , who is fighting to keep the boy with him in the United States .	Elian remains with his paternal great uncle, Lazaro Gonzalez, who is fighting to keep the boy with him in the United States.
Cuban exiles in Miami say the boy 's mother died to give him freedom in the United States , while the Cuban government maintains Elian is being improperly kept from his father .	Cuban exiles in Miami say the boy's mother died to give him freedom in the United States, while the Cuban government claims Elian is being unlawfully kept away from his father.
`` Juan Miguel must not have written the letter himself , '' said Armando Gutierrez , spokesman for Elian 's relatives in Miami .	"Juan Miguel must not have written the letter himself," said Armando Gutierrez, a spokesman for Elian's relatives in Miami.
`` Castro must be dreaming for the family to allow Cuban spies inside Lazaro Gonzalez 's home . ''	< p > Castro must dream that the family will let Cuban spies into Lazaro Gonzalez's house. '
Lawyers for the relatives in Miami filed a brief in federal court on Monday arguing the Immigration and Naturalization Service cannot return Elian to Cuba without holding a political asylum hearing .	Lawyers for the relatives in Miami filed a lawsuit in federal court on Monday, arguing that the immigration and naturalization agency could not send Elian back to Cuba without holding a hearing on political asylum.
U.S. government lawyers have moved to dismiss the Miami relatives ' lawsuit , arguing that they have no legal standing in the boy 's case .	US government lawyers have dismissed the Miami-based relatives' lawsuit, arguing they have no legal standing in the boy's case.
The INS ruled last month that only Elian 's father has the right to speak for the boy in immigration matters .	The INS ruled last month that only Elian's father has the right to speak for the boy in immigration matters.
President Fidel Castro said Tuesday his government told U.S. officials it is worried that Miami-based exiles might take Elian Gonzalez to another country or even harm him if they lose their battle to block the boy 's return to Cuba .	President Fidel Castro said Tuesday that his government is concerned that Miami exiles could take Elian Gonzalez to another country or even harm him if they lose their fight against the boy's return to Cuba.
Reading from Cuban intelligence documents on state television , Castro said a group of Cuban-Americans in Miami was studying the possibility of taking Elian and his Miami relatives to a third nation , probably Nicaragua or Costa Rica .	Castro, quoting Cuban intelligence documents on state television, said a group of Cuban Americans in Miami was exploring the possibility of taking Elian and his relatives from Miami to a third nation, probably Nicaragua or Costa Rica.
Castro said his government had shared its concerns with the U.S. State Department about the possibility of such a move '' which could cause damage not only to a child , but to the reputation of the United States . ''	Castro said his government had shared its concerns with the State Department about the possibility of such a move "that could harm not only a child but also the reputation of the United States."
A State Department duty officer said she had no information on a threat to Elian and was unaware of Castro 's remarks .	A State Department official said she had no information about a threat to Elian and was unaware of Castro's remarks.
In Miami , the boy 's great-uncle , Lazaro Gonzalez , denied that he would send Elian out of the country , or that he himself would leave .	In Miami, the boy's great uncle, Lazaro Gonzalez, denied that he would send Elian out of the country or leave himself.
'' It never even entered my mind , '' he said .	"It never crossed my mind," he said.
The Cuban leader first raised those worries during another live television appearance Sunday night during a speech to about 700 Cuban university students .	The Cuban leader first raised those concerns during another live television appearance Sunday night during a speech to about 700 Cuban university students.
But it was not until Tuesday that Castro revealed that those concerns had been shared directly with the U.S. government .	But it wasn't until Tuesday that Castro revealed that those concerns had been shared directly with the U.S. government.
Tens of thousands of people paid tribute to the men who launched the Cuban Revolution more than four decades ago in a rally Saturday demanding the return of Elian Gonzalez .	Tens of thousands of people paid tribute on Saturday to the men who sparked the Cuban revolution more than four decades ago at a rally calling for the return of Elian Gonzalez.
With the historic yacht Granma towering behind him , Raul Castro , younger brother of President Fidel Castro and head of Cuba 's Revolutionary Armed Forces , likened the revolutionary battle to the fight for Elian , the 6-year-old boy at the center of an international custody battle .	With the historic Granma yacht behind him, Raul Castro, younger brother of President Fidel Castro and head of Cuba's Revolutionary Armed Forces, likened the revolutionary battle to the battle for Elian, the six-year-old boy at the center of an international custody dispute.
'' Here , no one gives up ! ''	"" Nobody is giving up here! ""
Castro declared .	Castro said.
The demonstrators , wearing T-shirts with Elian 's portrait , waved red , white and blue Cuban flags on the shore of the community of Niquero , where the Granma landed on Dec. 2 , 1956 , with 82 armed men led by Fidel Castro .	The demonstrators wore T-shirts bearing Elian's portrait and waved red, white and blue Cuban flags on the shore of the municipality of Niquero, where the Granma landed on December 2, 1956, with 82 armed men led by Fidel Castro.
In the years that followed , the guerrilla fighters waged war on the troops of dictator Fulgencio Batista , declaring victory on Jan. 1 , 1959 when Batista fled the country .	In the following years, the guerrillas waged war against the troops of the dictator Fulgencio Batista and declared victory on 1 January 1959, when Batista fled the country.
Castro noted the importance that Cuba 's younger generations have played in the communist government 's battle to secure Elian 's return from the United States , where the boy 's Miami relatives are fighting for permanent custody .	Castro pointed to the importance Cuba's younger generations have played in the communist government's struggle to get Elian back from the United States, where the boy's relatives are fighting for permanent custody in Miami.
As a father and the grandfather of eight children -- including a boy who just turned 6 , the same age as Elian -- Castro said he sympathized with the little boy 's father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez .	A father and grandfather of eight children - including a boy who just turned 6, the same age as Elian - Castro said he sympathized with the little boy's father, Juan Miguel Gonzalez.
Gonzalez has cited his rights as the child 's sole surviving parent in his calls for his boy to be returned to him in communist Cuba .	Gonzalez cited his rights as the only surviving parent of the child in his demands for his boy to be returned to him in communist Cuba.
Elian 's mother and 10 others perished when their boat sank off the coast of Florida in late November during a crossing from Cuba to the United States .	Elian's mother and 10 other people were killed when their boat sank off the Florida coast in late November during a crossing from Cuba to the United States.
'' Elian today is the symbol of our unity , '' Castro said to cheers .	'Today, Elian is the symbol of our unity, 'Castro said to cheers.
'' And our struggle will not end with the return of Elian , '' added Castro .	'And our struggle will not end with the return of Elian, 'Castro added.
He said the Cuban people would continue to protest American laws and policies aimed at Cuba , including a four-decade economic embargo and continued U.S. military presence at the Guantanamo Naval Station on the easternmost end of the island .	He said the Cuban people would continue to protest against American laws and measures aimed at Cuba, including a four-decade economic embargo and the continued U.S. military presence at the Guantanamo naval base at the eastern end of the island.
In an apparent bid to show flexibility in the campaign to return Elian Gonzalez to Cuba , President Fidel Castro said the boy 's father has offered to travel alone today to the United States to pick up his 6-year-old son .	In an apparent attempt to show flexibility in the campaign to return Elian Gonzalez to Cuba, President Fidel Castro said the boy's father had offered to travel alone to the United States today to pick up his 6-year-old son.
However , a group trip with the boy 's relatives and classmates appeared more likely than a solo trip by his father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez .	However, a group trip with the boy's relatives and classmates seemed more likely than a solo trip by his father, Juan Miguel Gonzlez.
Gonzalez , the boy 's stepmother , his baby half-brother , a dozen classmates and some adults planned to apply for American visas today at the U.S. Interests Section in Havana , the American mission here .	Gonzalez, the boy's stepmother, his little half-brother, a dozen classmates and some adults were planning to apply for American visas today at the U.S. Interests Section in Havana, the U.S. mission here.
The group would be ready to leave for the United States as soon as Tuesday , Castro said .	The group is ready to leave for the United States as early as Tuesday, Castro said.
Gonzalez said he would go get his son alone if U.S. authorities promised they would turn Elian over to him immediately and allow them to fly back to Cuba right away , Castro said Sunday .	Gonzalez said he would leave his son alone if U.S. authorities promised to extradite him immediately and allow him to return to Cuba immediately, Castro said Sunday.
'' I am willing to leave tomorrow , absolutely alone and transport myself to where the child is , '' Castro read from a letter signed by Gonzalez .	"I am ready to go all alone tomorrow and go where the child is," Castro read from a letter signed by Gonzlez.
'' Only the government of the United States can decide if it prefers this variant , '' continued the letter , which Castro read on a state television station broadcast .	"Only the government of the United States can decide whether it prefers this option," the letter, which Castro read on state television, read.
Gonzalez for months refused requests by Elian 's Miami relatives to go to the United States to claim the boy .	Gonzalez denied for months requests from Elian's relatives in Miami to travel to the United States to claim the boy.
At the same time , the lawyers for the boy 's relatives in Miami said they might try to argue that his father is an unfit parent .	At the same time, lawyers for the boy's relatives in Miami said they could try to argue that his father was an inappropriate parent.
The White House has said there is no evidence of unfitness , and the father 's lawyer , Gregory Craig , said the '' outrageous '' allegations were a sign the Miami relatives were getting desperate .	The White House said there was no evidence of wrongdoing, and the father's lawyer, Gregory Craig, said the "outrageous" allegations were a sign that relatives in Miami were desperate.
It was unclear if American authorities would give the Cubans the 28 visas they have proposed .	It was unclear whether the American authorities would issue the 28 visas they proposed to Cubans.
The group would not leave until Gonzalez had assurances that American authorities would give him custody of his son .	The group would not leave until Gonzalez had assurances that American authorities would give him custody of his son.
The plan is for him and other members of the delegation to stay in Washington at the homes of Cuban diplomats while awaiting the results of a federal court appeal by Elian 's Miami relatives , who have temporary custody of him and are seeking to block his return to Cuba .	It is planned that he and other members of the delegation in Washington will remain with Cuban diplomats until the results of an appeal by Elian's relatives in Miami, who are taking him into temporary custody and trying to prevent his return to Cuba.
In another dramatic move , Castro announced that the chief of the Cuban Interests Section in Washington was willing to revoke the diplomatic immunity on his residence , where Cuba has proposed Gonzalez stay with Elian and the rest of his family during the federal appeal -- which could take as long as a month or two .	In another dramatic move, Castro announced that the head of the Cuban Interest Section in Washington was willing to waive diplomatic immunity at his residence, where Cuba has proposed that Gonzlez stay with Elian and the rest of his family during the federal appeals process - which could take up to a month or two.
Castro said that if those who oppose returning Elian to Cuba are worried about turning the child over to '' what is considered Cuban territory , then our Interests Section is willing to renounce diplomatic immunity of the residence of the chief of this section in Washington . ''	Castro said that if those who oppose Elian's return to Cuba are worried about handing the child over to "what is considered Cuban territory, then our advocacy group is willing to waive the diplomatic immunity of the head of that department in Washington."
Elian has been at the center of an international tug-of-war since he was rescued off the coast of Florida in late November .	Elian has been at the center of an international tug of war since he was rescued off the coast of Florida in late November.
His mother was among 11 people who died after they boat sank during the attempted crossing from Cuba to the United States .	His mother was among 11 people who died after their boat sank during an attempted crossing from Cuba to the United States.
Elian 's Miami relatives are fighting to keep the boy in the United States , saying they can give him a better life off the communist island .	Elian's relatives in Miami are fighting to keep the boy in the United States, saying they could give him a better life off the communist island.
Gonzalez has demanded his rights as the child 's sole surviving parent and wants Elian returned to him .	Gonzalez has claimed his rights as the only surviving parent of the child and wants Elian returned to him.
In its latest deadline , the U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service has given the Miami relatives until 9 a.m .	In its latest deadline, the U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service has set a 9 a.m. deadline for relatives in Miami.
Tuesday to sign a paper promising to turn over the boy to immigration authorities if they lose their federal court appeal .	Tuesday to sign a paper promising to hand the boy over to immigration authorities if they lose their appeal in federal court.
The Miami relatives thus far have refused to sign the document , and in recent days said they would not turn Elian over to his father if he came to the United States .	Relatives in Miami have so far refused to sign the document, saying in recent days that they would not extradite Elian to his father if he came to the United States.
Earlier , they had said they would give the boy to Gonzalez if he made the trip .	They had previously said they would give the boy Gonzalez if he made the trip.
Before his Sunday night address , Castro played the affectionate grandfather to the 12 first-graders proposed to go on the trip , assuring them that their planned trip to Washington to retrieve their little friend was a very important mission .	Before his speech Sunday night, Castro played the loving grandfather to the 12 first-graders who planned to go on the trip, assuring them that their planned trip to Washington to bring back their little friend was a very important mission.
Patting some of the kids on the head , Castro assured them that they formed a powerful '' commando . ''	Castro patted some of the children on the head and assured them that they had formed a powerful "command."
'' Not even the Pentagon can handle these kids , '' he joked .	"Not even the Pentagon can handle these kids," he joked.
'' We are hoping that they get their visas . ''	"" We hope they get their visas. ""
President Fidel Castro declared Wednesday night that it is just matter of days before Elian Gonzalez will be reunited with his father .	President Fidel Castro said Wednesday night that it was only a matter of days before Elian Gonzalez would be reunited with his father.
'' I am talking about three days '' more or less , Castro told hundreds of university students from across Latin American and the Caribbean in town for a regional congress .	"I'm talking about three days," Castro told hundreds of students from across Latin America and the Caribbean gathered in the city for a regional congress.
'' The battle of Elian has been won -- in judicial terms , in legal terms , in political terms , '' Castro said as he wound up his speech at Havana 's Karl Marx Theater .	'The battle of Elian is won - legally, legally, politically, 'Castro said at the end of his speech at the Karl Marx Theater in Havana.
Castro 's statement came less than an hour after Gregory Craig , attorney for Elian 's father Juan Miguel Gonzalez , announced in Washington that the father would be traveling to the United States Thursday with his wife , their 6-month-old son , and with Fernando Remirez , chief of the Cuban Interests Section in Washington .	Castro's statement came less than an hour after Gregory Craig, the lawyer for Elian's father, Juan Miguel Gonzalez, announced in Washington that the father would travel to the United States on Thursday with his wife, their 6-month-old son and Fernando Remirez, the head of the Cuban Interests Division in Washington.
'' This courageous father will leave at 4 in the morning ( 4 a.m. EDT Thursday ) , '' Castro said .	'This brave father will leave at 4am (Thursday 4am EDT), 'Castro said.
'' And I , at least , will be there to see him off . ''	"" And I at least will be there to say goodbye to him. ""
He said the group would be met on arriving in Washington by Craig and Joan Brown Campbell of the National Council of Churches , who traveled with Craig on his lightning trip to Havana on Wednesday .	He said the group would be greeted on arrival in Washington by Craig and Joan Brown Campbell of the National Council of Churches, who traveled with Craig on his lightning trip to Havana on Wednesday.
The Cuban leader said that the U.S. government still did not know how it would transfer Elian to his father , but that it would happen quickly .	The Cuban leader said the U.S. government still did not know how it would hand Elian over to his father, but that it would do so quickly.
The U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service said earlier this week that once Gonzalez arrives in the United States it will begin the process to transfer Elian to his custody from the Miami relatives who have been caring for him since he was rescued off the coast of Florida in late November .	The U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement said earlier this week that once Gonzalez arrived in the United States, it would begin the process of transferring Elian to his custody by relatives in Miami who have been looking after him since his rescue off the Florida coast in late November.
The Miami kin has been battling to keep him in the United States , saying it can give him a better life off the communist island .	The Miami-based family is fighting to keep him in the United States, saying it can give him a better life off the communist island.
But Gonzalez , backed by Castro , has demanded his rights as Elian 's sole surviving parent and insisted that the child be returned to him .	But Gonzlez, backed by Castro, has claimed his rights as Elian's only surviving parent, insisting that the child be returned to him.
Elian 's mother perished along with 10 others when their boat sank during the crossing from Cuba to the United States .	Elian's mother was killed along with 10 others when her boat sank while crossing from Cuba to the United States.
Since the tragedy , Elian has become a political poster boy for Cubans with diametrically opposed ideologies living on both sides of the Florida Straits .	Since the tragedy, Elian has become a political figurehead for Cubans with diametrically opposed ideologies living on both sides of the Florida Strait.
During his speech Wednesday night , Castro expressed irritation that much of the rest of the delegation was not granted visas to travel to the United States to stay with Elian while waiting out a federal appeal filed by Elian 's Miami relatives and assist in his '' rehabilitation . ''	During his speech Wednesday night, Castro expressed anger that much of the rest of the delegation was not granted visas to travel to the United States to stay with Elian while he awaited a federal application filed by Elian's relatives in Miami to help with his "rehabilitation."
'' More important than the doctors are those 12 children '' from Elian 's first-grade class in Cuba , Castro said .	"These 12 children are more important than the doctors," Castro said from Elian's first class in Cuba.
Cuba had asked for 28 visas for the trip , for Elian 's father , his stepmother , his little half-brother , a 5th grade boy cousin , the dozen classmates , and a host of teachers , doctors and other specialists .	Cuba had applied for 28 visas for the trip, for Elian's father, his stepmother, his little half-brother, a fifth-grade cousin, the dozen classmates and an army of teachers, doctors and other specialists.
Also on the list was National Assembly President Ricardo Alarcon , who has served as adviser to Gonzalez over the past four months and a senior member of Cuba 's communist leadership .	Also on the list was National Assembly President Ricardo Alarcon, who served as an adviser to Gonzlez for the past four months and was a senior member of Cuba's communist leadership.
Ultimately , U.S. officials approved and delivered six visas , for the four family members , a pediatrician and Elian 's teacher from his year in kindergarten .	In the end, the US authorities approved and issued six visas for the four family members, a pediatrician and Elian's teacher from his kindergarten year.
After a weekend of bitter accusations lobbed by both sides of the Elian Gonzalez custody battle , attention returned today to the federal judges deciding a key point in the international case .	After a weekend of bitter accusations from both sides in the custody dispute over Elian Gonzalez, attention returned today to the federal judges who ruled a key point in the international case.
The 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Atlanta has been asked by the U.S. government to suspend a ruling by one of its judges that prevents the removal of Elian from the country .	The 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Atlanta has been asked by the U.S. government to stay a ruling by one of its judges that prevents Elian from being deported from the country.
Such a decision would allow the U.S. government to push for the 6-year-old boy 's swift reunion in Washington with his waiting father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , who wants to return to Cuba .	Such a decision would allow the US government to push for a swift reunion of the six-year-old boy in Washington with his waiting father, Juan Miguel Gonzalez, who wants to return to Cuba.
He has said he will wait out appeals by the Miami relatives seeking an asylum hearing for Elian before the same court -- but only if he has custody of his son .	He has said he will await appeals from relatives in Miami seeking an asylum hearing for Elian in the same court - but only if he has custody of his son.
There was growing apprehension outside the Little Havana home where the boy has lived with his great-uncle for nearly five months .	Concern grew outside the Little Havana home where the boy has lived with his great-uncle for nearly five months.
'' The feeling is the Clinton administration might send federal agents to pull him out of here , '' said Sergio Navarro , a 39-year-old Miami businessman who spent part of Sunday night with chanting protesters .	"The feeling is that the Clinton administration could send federal agents to pull him out of here," said Sergio Navarro, a 39-year-old Miami businessman who spent part of Sunday night with chanting protesters.
Elian 's relatives have cared for him since November , when he was found clinging to an inner tube in the Florida Straits .	Elian's relatives have been looking after him since November, when he was found hanging from a hose in the Florida street.
His mother and 10 other people fleeing Cuba drowned when their boat sank .	His mother and 10 other people fleeing Cuba drowned when their boat sank.
The Clinton administration has pushed for the boy 's return to his father , ruling only he can speak for his son on immigration matters .	The Clinton administration has pushed for the boy to return to his father, ruling that only he can speak for his son on immigration issues.
The boy 's Miami relatives say he will have a better life here and have attempted to portray Juan Miguel Gonzalez as a pawn of Fidel Castro .	Relatives of the Miami boy say he will have a better life here and have tried to portray Juan Miguel Gonzalez as Fidel Castro's henchman.
The Justice Department wants the appeals court to suspend the temporary injunction issued Thursday and also order Elian 's great-uncle , Lazaro Gonzalez , to release the boy .	The Justice Department wants the appeals court to overturn the restraining order issued Thursday and also order Elian's great uncle Lazaro Gonzalez to release the boy.
The relatives want the court to let them meet with Elian 's father without being required to surrender the boy .	The relatives want the court to allow them to meet with Elian's father without having to extradite the boy.
The court watch comes after one of the most bitter charges yet in the custody battle .	The trial follows one of the most bitter charges to date in the custody dispute.
Juan Miguel Gonzalez lashed out at his Miami relatives Sunday night , accusing them of '' child abuse '' for turning his son against him .	Juan Miguel Gonzalez lashed out at his relatives in Miami Sunday night, accusing them of "child abuse" for turning his son against him.
He said they have manipulated his son to believe that his mother still may show up someday -- in this country .	He said they had manipulated his son into believing that his mother might one day show up - in this country.
'' This is child abuse and mistreatment , what they 're doing to this boy , '' Gonzalez said on CBS 's '' 60 Minutes. '' '' The way they 're abusing him , turning him against his father ... he 's suffering more here amongst them than he suffered in the sea . ''	"This is child abuse and abuse, what they're doing to this boy," Gonzalez said on CBS's "60 Minutes." "The way they're abusing him, turning him against his father... he's suffering more here than in the sea." "
Gonzalez said he did n't believe a much-publicized video taped at the relatives ' home in which his son said he did n't want to go .	Gonzalez said he did not believe a widely publicized video taken at the relatives' home in which his son said he did not want to go.
He has spoken with Elian at least three times since he arrived in the United States on April 6 , and he insisted his son wants to return to Cuba .	Since arriving in the United States on April 6, he has spoken to Elian at least three times and insisted that his son wants to return to Cuba.
'' He 's told me so , '' Gonzalez said .	"He told me that," Gonzalez said.
The Miami relatives are `` putting a bunch of toys in front of a 6-year-old .	Relatives in Miami are laying a pile of toys in front of a six-year-old.
He cannot decide for himself .	He cannot decide for himself.
The one that decides for him is me , his father . ''	Whoever chooses him is me, his father. ""
Elian 's Miami relatives have filed affidavits alleging Gonzalez abused his former wife and his 6-year-old son , a charge Gonzalez denied .	Elian's relatives in Miami have filed affidavits accusing Gonzalez of abusing his ex-wife and 6-year-old son, which Gonzalez denies.
During the time of the broadcast on Sunday , family members and Elian were outside the home of Lazaro Gonzalez and did not publicly comment after the show .	During Sunday's broadcast, family members and Elian were outside Lazaro Gonzalez's home and did not speak publicly after the broadcast.
Protesters , however , dismissed Juan Miguel 's comments as either selfish or the words of Fidel Castro .	Protesters, however, dismissed Juan Miguel's comments as either selfish or Fidel Castro's words.
'' Fidel Castro is claiming the son , not him , '' said Olga Coto , 56 , of Miami .	"Fidel Castro claims the son, not him," said Olga Coto, 56, of Miami.
'' He 's being manipulated totally by Fidel Castro .	'He's completely manipulated by Fidel Castro.
He 's not telling the truth . ''	He's not telling the truth. ""
Many worried their efforts to keep the boy in Miami would fail today , the 39th anniversary of the Bay of Pigs fiasco , an aborted invasion of Cuba by CIA-trained exiles that left much bitterness among the Cuban-American community .	Many feared that their efforts to keep the boy in Miami would fail today, on the 39th anniversary of the Bay of Pigs fiasco, a failed invasion of Cuba by CIA-trained exiles that left much bitterness in the Cuban-American community.
'' We were betrayed by the government , by ( President ) Kennedy , and if they turned the child back over , it will be a second betrayal , '' said Josefa Gonzalez , who left Cuba in 1962 when she was 4 .	"We were betrayed by the government, by (President) Kennedy, and if they return the child, it will be a second betrayal," said Josefa Gonzlez, who left Cuba in 1962 when she was four years old.
Earlier Sunday , protesters prayed for divine help as Easter week began , waving palm fronds and posters of the Cuban boy and Jesus .	Early Sunday, at the start of Easter week, demonstrators prayed for divine help and waved palm fronds and placards depicting the Cuban boy and Jesus.
Priests joined the crowd to offer a religious service .	Priests joined the crowd for a service.
'' There are many people who tell us that we should give up this fight , '' said Martin Anorga , an evangelical pastor .	"There are a lot of people telling us to give up this fight," said Martin Anorga, an evangelical pastor.
'' But we will follow in the path that the Lord has shown us , despite those who want to get in our way . ''	"" But we will follow the way that the Lord has shown us, despite those who want to get in our way. ""
The bombings at the American Embassies in Kenya and Tanzania have frightened away travelers from East Africa just as Kenya was hoping for an end to a years-old slump in foreign tourism , and as Tanzania was finally beginning to reap the benefits from a major investment in the travel industry .	The bombings of the American embassies in Kenya and Tanzania spooked travelers from East Africa, just as Kenya hoped for an end to the years-long slump in foreign tourism, and when Tanzania finally began to benefit from a major investment in the travel industry.
Tour operators who specialize in travel in Kenya and Tanzania , which boast some of Africa 's best game parks and sunniest beaches , say there have been no mass cancellations as a result of the Aug. 7 Embassy bombings in Nairobi , the Kenyan capital , and Dar es Salaam , Tanzania , which left more than 250 people dead .	Tour operators specialising in travel in Kenya and Tanzania, which have some of Africa's best wildlife parks and sunniest beaches, say there have been no mass cancellations following the bombings in the Kenyan capital Nairobi on 7 August and in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania, which killed more than 250 people.
But they report a number of worried calls from prospective travelers , many of them alarmed by the possibility of more terrorist attacks in the region .	But they report a series of concerned calls from potential travelers, many of whom are alarmed by the possibility of further terrorist attacks in the region.
`` People have been calling , and we 've been reassuring them that we do n't see further problems , '' said Mary Mkimbo , a spokeswoman in New York for the Kenya Tourist Office .	"People have called and we have assured them that we don't see any further problems," said Mary Mkimbo, a spokeswoman for Kenya's tourism office in New York.
The State Department , which does not want to see Kenya and Tanzania punished economically as a result of terrorist attacks that were clearly targeted at the United States , has lifted dire travel warnings issued just the bombings that urged Americans to stay away from the two countries .	The US State Department, which does not want Kenya and Tanzania to be economically punished for terrorist attacks clearly aimed at the United States, has lifted the dire travel warnings issued just after the bombings, which urged Americans to stay away from the two countries.
New public announcements put out on Aug. 13 suggest only that Americans `` exercise caution '' when visiting Kenya and Tanzania .	New public announcements on August 13 only suggest that Americans are "exercising caution" when visiting Kenya and Tanzania.
Embassy employees in both cities have gone back to work , although in new locations .	Embassy staff in both cities have resumed work, albeit at new locations.
The bombed-out Embassy in Nairobi is expected to be demolished after the FBI has finished gathering evidence .	The bombed-out embassy in Nairobi is expected to be demolished after the FBI completes its evidence collection.
The embassy in Dar es Salaam suffered less damage from the blast , although it , too , may have to be razed .	The embassy in Dar es Salaam was less damaged by the detonation, although it may also have to be razed to the ground.
For now , the State Department says , Embassy employees can offer only emergency consular service .	Currently, the State Department says, embassy staff can only provide consular emergency services.
Western diplomats and intelligence officials say there is no reason to believe that terrorists affiliated with Osama bin Laden , the exiled Saudi millionaire who is accused of organizing the Embassy bombings , plan to strike again soon in either country .	Western diplomats and intelligence officials say there is no reason to believe that terrorists linked to Osama bin Laden, the exiled Saudi millionaire accused of orchestrating the embassy bombings, will strike again soon in both countries.
`` The tourism industry is very sensitive to the news media , '' said Ms. Mkimbo .	"The tourism industry is very sensitive to the media," Mkimbo said.
`` We do expect a little downward movement in the industry . ''	"We expect a slight downward movement in the industry." "
Tourism industry revenues reportedly dropped to $300 million last year , down from $450 million the year before .	Tourism revenue reportedly fell to $300 million last year, compared with $450 million the year before.
The government has responded to the slump with a series of actions to lure tourists back , including a marked improvement in the service of Kenya Airways , the national airline , which has gone into partnership with KLM Royal Dutch Airlines .	The government has responded to the slump with a series of measures to lure back tourists, including a significant improvement in service from Kenya Airways, the national carrier that has partnered with KLM Royal Dutch Airlines.
The bombing will doubtless set back those efforts .	The bombing will undoubtedly set these efforts back.
But the lack of infrastructure has worked to Tanzania 's advantage in recent years given the dramatic growth in the number of adventure travelers who are willing , even eager to go without the five-star safari resorts that Kenya offers .	But the lack of infrastructure has worked in Tanzania's favor in recent years, as the number of adventure travelers willing, or even willing, to forgo Kenya's five-star safari resorts has risen dramatically.
The number of visitors to Tanzania jumped from fewer than 100,000 in 1980 to more than 300,000 last year , prompting the government to improve roads needed for safari tours .	The number of visitors to Tanzania rose from less than 100,000 in 1980 to more than 300,000 last year, prompting the government to improve the roads needed for safari tours.
`` Tanzania has just been underdeveloped for years , and they 're beginning to develop it now , '' said Jalal Ebrahim , president of Safaricentre International , a tour operator in Manhattan Beach , Calif .	"Tanzania has been underdeveloped for years, and they are now starting to develop it," said Jalal Ebrahim, president of Safaricentre International, a tour operator in Manhattan Beach, Calif.
Ebrahim , whose company has been sending American travelers on East African safaris for 13 years , said that his company had received only one cancellation as a result of the embassy bombings _ and that he did not expect many more .	Ebrahim, whose company has been sending American travelers on safaris in East Africa for 13 years, said his company had received only one cancellation as a result of the embassy bombings and that he did not expect many more.
`` We had one cancellation from a couple who decided they were just going to wait and see what happened , '' he said .	"We had a cancellation from a couple who decided to just wait and see what happens," he said.
They read a lot , they stay on top of world events . ''	They read a lot, they stay up to date on world affairs. ""
They understand , he said , that increasingly terrorism knows no borders .	They are aware that terrorism increasingly knows no borders.
The New York Times said in an editorial on Monday , Oct. 26 :	The New York Times wrote in an editorial on Monday, October 26:
The murder of Dr. Barnett Slepian is the latest depraved assault on the small number of courageous physicians who still risk their safety to perform legal abortions in this country .	The murder of Dr Barnett Slepian is the latest depraved attack on the small number of brave doctors who still risk their safety to perform legal abortions in this country.
Slepian was one of only three doctors who performed abortions in the Buffalo , N.Y. , area , and harassment and threats against him by anti-abortion groups had become routine over the past decade .	Slepian was one of only three doctors performing abortions in the Buffalo, New York area, and harassment and threats against him by abortion opponents had become routine over the past decade.
He persevered through courage and a belief in the right of his patients to choose whether to bear a child .	He insisted on courage and belief in the right of his patients to decide for themselves whether they want to have a child.
But a principled commitment to provide a constitutionally protected service could not stop the assassin 's bullet that tore through his kitchen window and into his back Friday night .	But a basic commitment to a constitutionally protected service could not stop the assassin's bullet that smashed through his kitchen window and into his back Friday night.
His death shows again how tentative the right to abortion has become in the face of terrorism by anti-choice fanatics .	His death shows once again how timid the right to abortion has become in the face of terrorism by anti-choice fanatics.
Their repeated acts of terrorism must be met with the severest possible crackdown by law-enforcement authorities .	Their repeated acts of terrorism must be dealt with as harshly as possible by the law enforcement authorities.
If an armed police officer has to be stationed outside every abortion provider 's home and office , 24 hours a day , let it be done .	If an armed police officer must be stationed outside the home and office of every abortion provider 24 hours a day, then so be it.
Last week the FBI joined Canadian authorities to investigate a series of unsolved sniper shootings of doctors in Canada and western New York dating to 1994 .	Last week, the FBI joined Canadian authorities in investigating a series of unsolved shootings of doctors by snipers in Canada and western New York in 1994.
In January , a week after the 25th anniversary of the Roe vs. Wade Supreme Court decision , a clinic bombing in Birmingham , Ala. , killed a security guard and severely wounded a nurse .	In January, a week after the 25th anniversary of the Supreme Court's Roe v. Wade decision, a security guard was killed and a nurse seriously injured in a bomb attack on a clinic in Birmingham, Alabama.
Since 1993 , three doctors , including Slepian , three clinic employees and a clinic escort have been murdered .	Since 1993, three doctors, including Slepian, three hospital employees and a clinic attendant have been murdered.
There have been more than a dozen attempted murders of abortion providers in the last five years .	There have been more than a dozen attempted murders of abortion providers in the past five years.
Arson and bombings at clinics have become so common that many no longer make the national news .	Arson attacks and bombings of clinics are now so widespread that many no longer make the national news.
It is bad enough that conservatives in Congress and in state legislatures are working to dismantle reproductive rights by banning certain procedures , such as so-called partial birth abortion , and by requiring waiting periods and parental consent before an abortion can be obtained .	It is bad enough that conservatives in Congress and state legislatures are working to dismantle reproductive rights by banning certain procedures, such as so-called partial-birth abortion, and requiring waiting times and parental consent before an abortion can be performed.
But those restrictions are at least imposed by the normal give and take of political and judicial struggle in a democracy .	But these restrictions are at least imposed by the normal give and take of political and judicial struggle in a democracy.
What is outrageous is the attempt to shut down abortions by illegal means _ by shooting the doctors or bombing the clinics or harassing the women seeking to exercise their constitutional right .	What is outrageous is the attempt to stop abortions by illegal means, by shooting doctors, bombing clinics, or harassing women who wish to exercise their constitutional right.
Some anti-abortion groups , to their credit , have denounced the bombings and shootings , but others seem reluctant to issue the strong condemnations that are warranted .	Some abortion opponents have condemned the bombings and shootings, but others seem reluctant to issue the harsh condemnations that are warranted.
Indeed , one particularly virulent anti-abortion Web site lists the names of doctors it says perform abortions , or `` crimes against humanity , '' with a code indicating whether they are `` working , '' `` wounded '' or a `` fatality . ''	Indeed, one particularly virulent anti-abortion website lists the names of doctors who are said to perform abortions or "crimes against humanity," "with a code indicating whether they are" working, "" wounded, "or" lethal. ""
Such incendiary rhetoric , and frequent accusations by some anti-abortionists that abortion providers are committing murder , can only fuel more terrorism .	Such inflammatory rhetoric, and the frequent accusations by some abortion opponents that abortion providers are committing murder, can only fuel terrorism.
The increase of anti-choice laws and ongoing campaigns of harassment by protest groups , even short of murder , have worked to make abortions harder to obtain .	The proliferation of anti-choice laws and sustained harassment campaigns by protest groups, even on the verge of murder, have helped make abortions harder to obtain.
More than 80 percent of counties in this country have no abortion provider .	More than 80 percent of counties in this country do not have an abortion provider.
In 45 states , the number of doctors who performed abortions declined between 1982 and 1992 .	In 45 states, the number of doctors performing abortions declined between 1982 and 1992.
Slepian was among those who took a stand against restricting reproductive freedom and paid with his life .	Slepian was among those who spoke out against the restriction of reproductive freedom and paid with their lives for it.
Unless these brave doctors are better protected , fewer doctors in the next generation will be willing to place themselves and their families in such danger .	Unless these brave doctors are better protected, the next generation of doctors will be less willing to put themselves and their families at risk.
That is what the terrorists want .	That's what the terrorists want.
They must not be allowed to succeed .	They must not be allowed to succeed.
Additional details of the slaying emerged on Sunday .	Further details of the killing were released on Sunday.
Slepian 's lawyer , Glenn Edward Murray , said the sniper 's bullet entered through a partially draped kitchen window , hit Slepian in the back and exited through his chest .	Slepian's lawyer Glenn Edward Murray said the sniper's bullet entered through a partially draped kitchen window, hit Slepian in the back and came out through his chest.
The doctor 's wife and one of his sons were in the kitchen when the shooting occurred , Murray said .	The doctor's wife and one of his sons were in the kitchen at the time of the shooting, Murray said.
The bullet bounced off a cabinet and ricocheted into the living room , where the doctor 's three other children were watching television , Murray said .	The bullet bounced off a closet and hit the living room, where the doctor's three other children were watching TV, Murray said.
Slepian 's wife and one son tried to revive him .	Slepian's wife and son tried to resuscitate him.
Just over an hour later , he was declared dead at nearby Millard Fillmore Suburban Hospital .	He was pronounced dead at nearby Millard Fillmore Suburban Hospital just over an hour later.
For the most part , people on both sides of the abortion issue expressed outrage at the shooting .	Most people on both sides of the abortion issue expressed outrage at the shooting.
But one abortion opponent , the Rev. Donald Spitz , the founder of Pro-Life Virginia , described Slepian 's killer as a `` hero '' for ending the physician 's `` bloodthirsty practice . ''	But one abortion opponent, the Rev. Donald Spitz, the founder of Pro-Life Virginia, called Slepian's killer a "hero" for "ending the doctor's bloodthirsty practice."
`` We as Christians have a responsibility to protect the innocent from being murdered , '' Spitz said in a statement released to The Associated Press , `` the same way we would want someone to protect us .	"As Christians, we have a responsibility to protect the innocent from being murdered," Spitz said in a statement to The Associated Press, "just as we would like someone to protect us."
Whoever shot the shot protected the children . ''	Whoever fired the shot was protecting the children. ""
Most other opponents of abortion , however , condemned the shooting and abortion .	Most other abortion opponents, however, condemned the shooting and abortion.
In his Sunday Mass at St. Patrick 's Cathedral in New York , Cardinal John O'Connor called the murder wrong but he urged those angered by the slaying to be equally angered by abortions .	In his Sunday Mass at St. Patrick's Cathedral in New York, Cardinal John O'Connor called the killing false, but he urged those angered by the killing to be just as angry about abortion.
`` He called on many of the same people to express outrage at partial birth abortion , which he called the equivalent of infanticide , '' Joseph Zwilling , a spokesman for the Archdiocese of New York , said of the cardinal 's sermon .	"He called on many of these people to express their outrage at the partial abortion, which he called infanticide," Joseph Zwilling, a spokesman for the Archdiocese of New York, said of the cardinal's sermon.
Religious leaders in Buffalo also condemned the shooting .	Religious leaders in Buffalo also condemned the shooting.
Bishop Henry Mansell of the Archdiocese of Buffalo said it was `` an act of madness , '' but he went on to defend the Church 's opposition to abortion as `` respecting of human life in all its forms , especially the most vulnerable . ''	Bishop Henry Mansell of the Archdiocese of Buffalo called it an "act of madness," but defended the church's opposition to abortion as "respect for human life in all its forms, especially for the most vulnerable."
Susan Dudley , deputy director of the National Abortion Federation , assailed the remarks and called on anti-abortion groups to shift their tactics .	Susan Dudley, deputy director of the National Abortion Federation, attacked the remarks and called on abortion opponents to change their tactics.
She said the rhetoric of the anti-abortion movement has helped lead to violent attacks against abortion providers .	She said the anti-abortion rhetoric had contributed to violent attacks on abortion providers.
`` I think that when pro-life organizations try to distinguish between themselves and these incidents they are at best being disingenuous , '' she said .	"I think when pro-life organizations try to distinguish between themselves and these incidents, they are disingenuous at best," she said.
`` They are the ones who call these doctors murderers . ''	"They're what these doctors call murderers." "
In Amherst , residents who said they opposed abortion decried the attack and said they hoped the perpetrator was caught .	In Amherst, residents who opposed abortion condemned the attack and said they hoped the perpetrator would be caught.
Men smoking cigars and drinking beer with friends after shooting skeet at the Buffalo Shooting Club in Amherst said their feelings about abortion were mixed , but they uniformly denounced the killing of Slepian .	Men who smoked cigars and drank beer with friends after shooting at the Buffalo Shooting Club in Amherst Skeet said their feelings about abortion were mixed, but they uniformly condemned the killing of Slepian.
Many residents said abortion had gradually dwindled as a local issue since Operation Rescue , an anti-abortion group , started a series of largely unsuccessful `` Spring of Life '' demonstrations in 1992 intended to shut down abortion clinics and harass local doctors , including Slepian .	Many residents said abortion has gradually declined as a local issue since the anti-abortion group Operation Rescue launched a series of largely unsuccessful "Spring of Life" demonstrations in 1992 aimed at closing abortion clinics and harassing local doctors, including Slepian.
Little of the vitriol that the issue aroused in the late 1980s and early 1990s remains , residents said , and many of the local religious leaders who led the 1992 protests have moved .	Little remains of the bitterness that the issue evoked in the late 1980s and early 1990s, residents said, and many of the local religious leaders who led the 1992 protests have moved.
`` The only people that are left are the hard-core , fanatical people , '' said Larry Finkelstien , a high school teacher who works as an escort at abortion clinics .	"The only people left are the hard-boiled, fanatical people," said Larry Finkelstien, a high school teacher who works as an escort at abortion clinics.
`` Everyone else has gone away . ''	"Everyone else has gone." "
The killing of Dr. Barnett Slepian , a gynecologist in Buffalo who performed abortions , has become a factor in at least two campaigns in New York , say political consultants and some campaign advisers .	The killing of Dr. Barnett Slepian, a Buffalo gynecologist who performed abortions, has become a factor in at least two campaigns in New York, political consultants and some campaign advisers say.
In the race for attorney general , the Democratic candidate , Eliot Spitzer , who favors abortion rights , has moved quickly to make the anti-abortion position of his opponent , Attorney General Dennis Vacco , a central issue in the campaign .	In the race for attorney general, Democratic candidate Eliot Spitzer, who supports abortion rights, has moved quickly to make the anti-abortion position of his opponent, Attorney General Dennis Vacco, a central issue in the campaign.
And in the tight race for U.S. Senate , while the Democrat , Charles Schumer , another abortion-rights supporter , has not raised Slepian 's death himself , his aides say it puts a new emphasis on the issue .	And while Democrat Charles Schumer, another abortion-rights advocate, did not bring up Slepian's death himself in the tight US Senate race, his aides say it adds a new emphasis to the issue.
Slepian was shot in the back on Friday night as he stood in his kitchen .	Slepian was shot in the back as he stood in his kitchen on Friday night.
No suspects have been identified .	No suspects have been identified.
Even before the killing , Schumer was tyring to draw more attention to the anti-abortion record of his opponent , Senator Alfonse D'Amato , a Republican who is also running on the Right to Life Party line .	Even before the assassination, Schumer was trying to draw more attention to the anti-abortion record of his opponent, Senator Alfonse D'Amato, a Republican who is also running on the Right to Life Party line.
In a New York Times / CBS News poll completed on Saturday , 69 percent of those polled said they did not know D'Amato 's position on abortion , and only 19 percent knew that he opposed abortion rights .	In a New York Times / CBS News poll completed Saturday, 69 percent of respondents said they did not know D'Amato's position on abortion, and only 19 percent knew he opposed abortion rights.
Now events are doing the work for Schumer .	Now events are getting the job done for Schumer.
Slepian 's death was among the first topics raised in Saturday night 's debate between the two men , and it was instantly followed by a question to D'Amato on whether he opposed first-trimester abortions for adult women .	Slepian's death was one of the first topics raised in Saturday night's debate between the two men, and D'Amato was immediately asked if he opposed first-trimester abortions for adult women.
On Tuesday , the National Abortion and Reproductive Rights Action League plans to hold a news conference to screen a television advertisement _ made last week , before Slepian died _ featuring Emily Lyons , a nurse who was badly wounded earlier this year in the bombing of an abortion clinic in Alabama .	On Tuesday, the National Abortion and Reproductive Rights Action League plans to hold a news conference to show a television ad made last week before Slepian died - featuring Emily Lyons, a nurse who was seriously injured in the bombing of an Alabama abortion clinic earlier this year.
The advertisement , said Kelli Conlin , the executive director of the New York State affiliate of Naral , is intended to spotlight D'Amato 's vote against the 1994 Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act , which Schumer sponsored .	The ads, said Kelli Conlin, executive director of Naral, a New York state affiliate, are intended to highlight D'Amato's vote against the Schumer-sponsored Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act of 1994.
The measure made it a Federal crime to attack or blockade an abortion clinic .	The measure made it a federal crime to attack or block an abortion clinic.
Now , Ms. Conlin said , it will have new resonance , and the organization is considering buying more air time .	Now, Conlin said, it will find new resonance and the organization is considering buying more airtime.
`` It 's incredibly sincere and powerful and it would have been regardless , '' she said .	"It's incredibly sincere and powerful, and it wouldn't have mattered," she said.
`` But sensitivities are so heightened from the shooting in western New York that it 's even more powerful . ''	'But the sensitivities are so heightened by the shooting in western New York that it's even more powerful. '
David Eichenbaum , a Democratic political consultant who is not working for anyone in this year 's campaign , said abortion `` is no longer the driving issue it once was , at least on the pro-choice side . ''	David Eichenbaum, a Democratic political consultant who is not working for anyone in this year's campaign, said abortion is "no longer the driving issue it once was, at least on the side of pro-choice advocates."
But , Eichenbaum said : `` Sometimes an incident like this will do more to energize those who are pro-choice who otherwise might not consider that as an important an issue to go to the polls over .	But, Eichenbaum said, "Sometimes an incident like this does more to motivate those who are pro-choice, who might not otherwise see it as an important issue to go to the polls on.
It brings it home . ''	She's bringing it home. ""
D'Amato 's aides would not comment about the political ramifications of the slaying , and Schumer 's aides would not talk about whether they planned to refer to it in any advertisements , or whether the candidate planned to use it on the campaign trail .	D'Amato's aides did not comment on the political implications of the assassination, and Schumer's aides did not comment on whether they intended to mention it in any ads or whether the candidate intended to use it in the campaign.
`` Both Senator D'Amato and Chuck Schumer agree this was a horrific crime and a horrible tragedy , '' said Josh Isay , Schumer 's campaign manager .	"Both Senator D'Amato and Chuck Schumer agree that this was a terrible crime and a terrible tragedy," said Josh Isay, Schumer's campaign manager.
But , Isay added , `` it heightens the abortion issue . ''	But, Isay added, "it exacerbates the abortion problem."
Steven Goldstein , the campaign spokesman for Spitzer , was less reticent .	Steven Goldstein, Spitzer's campaign spokesman, was less restrained.
`` Eliot is going to make a huge priority of this , '' Goldstein said .	"Eliot will make that a huge priority," Goldstein said.
`` Stopping clinic violence is going to be a major theme of our campaign from now to Election Day . ''	"Ending violence in clinics will be a key theme of our campaign from now until Election Day," he said.
In Sunday 's debate against Vacco , Spitzer attacked him for failing to enforce a court order in 1992 against anti-abortion protesters who had blocked the entrance to a clinic .	In Sunday's debate against Vacco, Spitzer attacked him for failing to enforce a 1992 court order against abortion opponents who had blocked the entrance to a clinic.
It was the same clinic where Slepian worked .	It was the same clinic where Slepian worked.
A federal judge removed Vacco , then the U.S. attorney for western New York , from the case .	A federal judge removed Vacco, then the U.S. attorney for western New York, from the case.
He was replaced with two special prosecutors .	He was replaced by two special prosecutors.
Spitzer also criticized Vacco for dismantling the Office of Reproductive Rights , which investigated threats and crimes against abortion clinics , when he became attorney general .	Spitzer also criticized Vacco for dismantling the Office of Reproductive Rights, which investigated threats and crimes against abortion clinics when he became attorney general.
On Monday , Spitzer called for Vacco to revive that unit immediately , vowing that he would do so on his first day in office if elected .	On Monday, Spitzer called on Vacco to immediately revive the unit, promising to do so on his first day in office if elected.
Goldstein , who said it was `` thoroughly , thoroughly possible '' that the issue would surface in Spitzer 's advertisements , defended the use of the issue by noting that the attorney general has direct impact on the issue of clinic access .	Goldstein, who said it was "thoroughly, thoroughly possible" that the issue appeared in Spitzer's ads, defended the use of the issue, saying the attorney general had direct influence over the issue of clinic access.
Vacco 's campaign manager , Matt Behrmann , said in a statement that Spitzer had `` sunk to a new and despicable low by attempting to capitalize on the murder of a physician in order to garner votes . ''	Vacco's campaign manager, Matt Behrmann, said in a statement that Spitzer had "sunk to a new and despicable low by trying to capitalize on the murder of a doctor to win votes."
`` It 's possible that New York politics has never seen anything as crass as Eliot Spitzer 's willingness to exploit the unfortunate murder of Slepian as a steppingstone for his own political ambitions , '' Berhrmann said .	"It is possible that New York politics has never seen anything as stark as Eliot Spitzer's willingness to use the unfortunate murder of Slepian as a springboard for his own political ambitions," Berhrmann said.
Several consultants agreed that there might be political hay to be made in Slepian 's death but that it had to be done carefully .	Several advisers agreed that there might be political hay to be made from Slepian's death, but that it had to be done carefully.
`` Trying to score political points from a homicide can have a backlash , '' said Maureen Connelly , a media consultant not working for any candidate in next week 's election .	"Trying to score political points with a murder can trigger a backlash," said Maureen Connelly, a media consultant who does not work for any candidate in next week's election.
The antiabortion activist wanted for questioning in last month 's shooting death of a doctor in a Buffalo suburb may have fled to Mexico , according to a newspaper report .	The anti-abortion activist who was to be questioned after the shooting of a doctor in a Buffalo suburb last month may have fled to Mexico, according to a newspaper report.
James Charles Kopp , 44 , of Vermont , was seen in the car of a female associate crossing the US border days after a sniper killed Dr. Barnett Slepian in his kitchen , the Buffalo News reported Friday .	James Charles Kopp, 44, of Vermont, was seen in the car of a co-worker crossing the U.S. border, days after a sniper killed Dr. Barnett Slepian in his kitchen, the Buffalo News reported Friday.
Kopp has been the subject of a manhunt following reports that he was spotted in a vehicle near the scene of the Oct. 23 slaying of Slepian , 52 , an obstetrician who also performed abortions .	Kopp was the subject of a manhunt after it was reported that he was discovered in a vehicle near the scene of the killing of Slepian, 52, an obstetrician who also performed abortions.
The FBI says Kopp is wanted as a material witness in the case .	The FBI says Kopp is wanted as a key witness in the case.
Friday , an FBI official said authorities are pursuing more than 400 tips but have not pinned down Kopp 's whereabouts .	An FBI official said Friday that authorities were looking into more than 400 leads but had not determined Kopps' whereabouts.
`` In all candor , the FBI does not know where James Kopp is _ period , '' said Paul Moskal , a spokesman for the bureau 's Buffalo office .	"In all honesty, the FBI does not know where James Kopp is," said Paul Moskal, a spokesman for the Buffalo office.
`` He 's as likely to be in Boston , Massachusetts , as in Buffalo , New York . ''	'He'll probably be in Boston, Massachusetts, as well as Buffalo, New York. '
Authorities want to question the unidentified woman who allegedly traveled with Kopp , according to an investigator quoted by the newspaper .	Authorities want to question the unidentified woman, who is believed to have been traveling with Kopp, the newspaper reported, citing an investigator.
`` She may have been with Kopp sometime after the murder , '' the investigator said .	"She may have been with Kopp at some point after the murder," the investigator said.
President Bill Clinton Saturday vowed to hunt down and bring to justice those who were responsible for the bombings of two U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania .	President Bill Clinton promised Saturday to hunt down and bring to justice those responsible for the bombings of two U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania.
" No matter how long it takes or where it takes us , we will pursue terrorists until the cases are solved and justice is done , " Clinton said in his weekly radio address .	"No matter how long it takes or where it takes us, we will pursue terrorists until the cases are resolved and justice is done," Clinton said in his weekly radio address.
" To turn our backs on those taking risks for peace , to weaken our opposition to terrorism -- that would give terrorism a victory it must not and will not have , " the president said .	"Turning our backs on those who take risks for peace, weakening our resistance to terrorism - that would give terrorism a victory that it cannot and will not have," the president said.
The Friday explosions at U.S. embassies in Nairobi , Kenya , and Dar-es-Salaam , Tanzania , killed at least 110 people , and the number injured topped 2,200 .	Friday's explosions at the U.S. embassies in Nairobi, Kenya, and Dar es Salaam, Tanzania, killed at least 110 people and wounded more than 2,200.
The 11 Americans were killed in Kenya , along with five Kenyan employees at the embassy .	The 11 Americans and five Kenyan embassy employees were killed in Kenya.
The State Department has sent medical and other supplies as well as investigators to the two countries .	The U.S. State Department has sent medical and other supplies as well as investigators to the two countries.
The FBI also dispatched dozens of agents and bombing and evidence specialists there .	The FBI also sent dozens of agents and bomb and evidence specialists there.
Aircraft have taken off from the United States , Europe and elsewhere in Africa bearing medical suplies and other equipment , along with replacement personnel for the two embassies .	Planes carrying medical equipment and backup personnel for the two embassies have taken off in the United States, Europe and elsewhere in Africa.
A 62-member rescue team , previously sent to the bombed-out federal building in Oklahoma City , Okla. , was en route to Nairobi .	A 62-member rescue team sent to the bombed-out federal building in Oklahoma City was on its way to Nairobi.
U.S. embassies and military installations around the world were ordered to set up barriers and tighten security systems to prevent easy access by unauthorized people -- Americans and foreigners .	US embassies and military installations around the world have been ordered to erect barriers and tighten security systems to prevent easy access for unauthorized persons - Americans and foreigners.
The Cypriot government Saturday strongly condemned two terrorist bomb attacks in Kenya and Tanzania Friday , calling them an " atrocious crime . "	The Cypriot government on Friday strongly condemned two terrorist attacks in Kenya and Tanzania, calling them a "heinous crime."
In a condolence telegram to U.S. President Bill Clinton , President Glafcos Clerides condemned the terrorist acts and extended his sympathy to the victims ' families .	In a telegram of condolence to US President Bill Clinton, President Glafcos Clerides condemned the terrorist attacks and expressed his condolences to the families of the victims.
Similar telegrams were sent by the Cyprus government to the presidents of Kenya and Tanzania .	Similar telegrams were sent by the Cypriot government to the presidents of Kenya and Tanzania.
More than 100 people have died , eight of them Americans and over 1,000 injured since a bomb ripped through an office building next to the U.S. embassy in Nairobi , Kenya Friday morning .	More than 100 people have died, including eight Americans, and more than 1,000 have been injured since a bomb ripped through an office building next to the U.S. Embassy in Nairobi, Kenya, on Friday morning.
Six people were also killed and at least 58 injured in a car bomb attack on Friday outside the U.S. embassy in the Tanzanian capital Dar-es-Salaam .	A car bomb attack outside the U.S. Embassy in the Tanzanian capital Dar-es-Salaam on Friday also killed six people and wounded at least 58.
No one has claimed responsibility for the attacks .	No one has claimed responsibility for the attacks.
The Cuban government Friday condemned the two bomb explosions near U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania .	The Cuban government on Friday condemned the two bomb explosions near the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania.
The Foreign Ministry said in a statement that the Cuban government is against such kind of terrorist attacks , which pose potential threats to every country .	The State Department said in a statement that the Cuban government opposes such terrorist attacks, which pose potential threats to any country.
The Cuban government also expressed its condolences to the families of the victims .	The Cuban government also expressed its condolences to the families of the victims.
Two bombs exploded outside U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania Friday , killing at least 81 people and injuring more than 1,700 others .	Two bombs exploded outside the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania on Friday, killing at least 81 people and wounding more than 1,700 others.
At least 74 , including eight Americans , were killed in Nairobi , the capital of Kenya , and more then 1,640 were wounded .	At least 74 people, including eight Americans, were killed and more than 1,640 injured in Nairobi, Kenya's capital.
At least seven were reported dead in the Tanzanian capital of Dar es Salaam , and 72 others were hurt .	At least seven people have been reported dead and 72 others injured in the Tanzanian capital, Dar es Salaam.
Iran Saturday condemned the bombing of U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania , and expressed sympathy for the families of the victims .	Iran on Saturday condemned the bombing of the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania and expressed its condolences to the families of the victims.
Foreign Ministry spokesman Mahmoud Mohammadi said that Iran condemns any acts which may result in the death of innocent people , the official news agency IRNA reported .	Foreign Ministry spokesman Mahmoud Mohammadi said Iran condemns any actions that could lead to the death of innocent people, the official IRNA news agency reported.
He expressed hope the " sinister terrorism " will be uprooted with an all-out campaign through international cooperation .	He expressed the hope that "sinister terrorism" would be eradicated through a comprehensive campaign of international cooperation.
More than 100 people have been killed and more than 1,000 others wounded in the blasts next to the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania on Friday .	Explosions near the US embassies in Kenya and Tanzania killed more than 100 people and injured more than 1,000 others on Friday.
No one has claimed responsibility .	No one has claimed responsibility.
U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright said on Tuesday that she was heartened by cooperation from Kenya and Tanzania in probing into last Friday 's bombings of U.S. embassies .	U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright said Tuesday she was encouraged by Kenya and Tanzania's cooperation in investigating last Friday's bombings of U.S. embassies.
" I have been heartened by the close cooperation we have had with authorities in Kenya and Tanzania from the moment the tragedies occurred , " Albright told ambassadors and charges d'affaires of 30 African countries in Washington , who came to the State Department to offer condolences .	"I have been encouraged by the close cooperation with the authorities in Kenya and Tanzania since the time of the tragedies," Albright told ambassadors and charg d'affaires from 30 African countries in Washington who came to the State Department to offer their condolences.
" I want to thank you for the help that your governments have provided by sharing information and tightening security at our embassies in recent days , " she said .	"I would like to thank you for the help your governments have provided in recent days by sharing information and tightening security at our embassies," she said.
The bombings at U.S embassies in Kenya and Tanzania have killed more than 200 people , including 12 Americans , and wounded over 5,000 .	The bombings of US embassies in Kenya and Tanzania killed more than 200 people, including 12 Americans, and wounded more than 5,000.
The United States has dispatched FBI agents to Africa to investigate the bombings but there was no word in Washington on Tuesday of any significant leads so far .	The United States has sent FBI agents to Africa to investigate the bombings, but there were no significant leads in Washington on Tuesday.
Tanzanian police said on Tuesday they had arrested 14 foreigners in their search for bombers .	Tanzanian police said on Tuesday they had arrested 14 foreigners in the search for the attackers.
The 14 foreigners , six Iraqis , six Sudanese , a Somali national and a Turk , were rounded up because they failed to explain their presence in the country satisfactorily .	The 14 foreigners, six Iraqis, six Sudanese, one Somali and one Turk, were arrested because they could not satisfactorily explain their presence in the country.
Albright announced on Monday to offer a reward of up to 2 million U.S. dollars for information leading to the arrest and conviction of the bombers .	Albright announced Monday that he would suspend a reward of up to $2 million for information leading to the arrest and conviction of the attackers.
She told African envoys that she looked forward to visiting Kenya and Tanzania but would wait until she could do so without placing undue burdens on the heavily stretched U.S. embassies there .	She told the African envoys that she was looking forward to visiting Kenya and Tanzania, but would wait until she could do so without unduly burdening the heavily burdened U.S. embassies there.
She also said the bombings would not prevent the United States from building " a strong new relationship with a new Africa . "	She also said the bombings would not stop the United States from building "a strong new relationship with a new Africa."
Egyptian Ambassador Ahmed Maher el-Sayed , on behalf of the African envoys , condemned the " cowardly , criminal and tragic " bombings .	Egyptian Ambassador Ahmed Maher el-Sayed, speaking on behalf of the African envoys, condemned the "cowardly, criminal and tragic" bombings.
" Terrorism is inconsistent with our African history , our tradition , our culture and our beliefs , " he said .	"Terrorism is at odds with our African history, our tradition, our culture and our faith," he said.
" Americans and Africans need to strengthen their cooperation in this universal battle " against terrorism .	"Americans and Africans must step up their cooperation in this universal fight" against terrorism.
President Bill Clinton Thursday condemned terrorist bomb attacks at U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania and vowed to find the bombers and bring them to justice .	President Bill Clinton on Thursday condemned terrorist attacks on U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania and vowed to find the perpetrators and bring them to justice.
" No matter what it takes , we must find those responsible for these evil acts and see that justice is done , " Clinton said at the ceremony marking the return of remains of Americans who were killed in the Kenya embassy bombing .	"No matter what it takes, we must find those responsible for these evil acts and ensure that justice is done," Clinton said at the ceremony marking the return of the remains of Americans killed in the bombing of the Kenyan embassy.
The ceremony was held at Andrews Air Force Base , near Washington , where 10 of 12 American victims of the Kenya embassy bombing were brought back by Secretary of State Madeleine Albright .	The ceremony took place at Andrews Air Force Base near Washington, where 10 of the 12 American victims of the bombing of the Kenyan embassy were returned by Secretary of State Madeleine Albright.
Clinton said the United States will not retreat from the world because of terrorist attacks .	Clinton said the United States would not withdraw from the world because of terrorist attacks.
Albright , echoing the president , said the United States would " continue to be present around the world , wherever we have interests to defend . "	Echoing the president, Albright said the United States would "continue to be present everywhere in the world, wherever we have interests to defend."
`` She may have been with Kopp sometime after the murder , '' the investigator said .	"She may have been with Kopp at some point after the murder," the investigator said.
`` Kopp may be in Mexico .	< unk > < unk > Kopp could be in Mexico.
He may have even traveled further into Central America or South America . ''	He may even have travelled further to Central or South America. ""
A task force of US and Canadian officials is investigating the similarities between the attack on Slepian and four others on abortion providers in Canada and upstate New York in the past four years .	A working group of US and Canadian officials is examining the similarities between the attack on Slepian and four others on abortion providers in Canada and New York state over the past four years.
The US Justice Department is offering a $500,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of those responsible for Slepian 's slaying .	The US Department of Justice has offered a $500,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of those responsible for Slepian's killing.
The FBI has interviewed and released one of two men who were sought last week for questioning in connection with the sniper slaying of a doctor in the Buffalo , N.Y. , area who performed abortions .	The FBI has interviewed and released one of two men wanted last week for questioning in connection with the killing of a doctor who performed abortions in Buffalo, New York.
The two men , Ronald Stauber and Michael Gingrich , were named Thursday in a bulletin sent by the FBI office in Cleveland to police departments across the country .	The two men, Ronald Stauber and Michael Gingrich, were named Thursday in a bulletin sent by the FBI's Cleveland office to police departments across the country.
The men were not termed suspects , and FBI officials on Saturday played down the likelihood that either was involved in the Oct. 23 killing of the doctor , Barnett Slepian .	The men have not been named as suspects, and FBI officials on Saturday played down the likelihood that either of them was involved in the October 23 killing of doctor Barnett Slepian.
`` We are doing dozens if not hundreds of interviews a day , '' said Paul Moskal , a spokesman for the FBI office in Buffalo .	"We do dozens, if not hundreds, of interviews a day," said Paul Moskal, a spokesman for the FBI's Buffalo office.
`` I know of no information that would treat these two differently or would put them in any other category from the hundreds of leads we 're investigating on a daily basis . ''	'I'm not aware of any information that would treat these two differently or put them in any other category out of the hundreds of clues we examine every day. '
Moskal said one of the two men _ he said he did not know which one _ had been located , interviewed and released .	Moskal said one of the two men said he did not know which one had been located, questioned and released.
In its Friday issue , The Hamilton ( Ontario ) Spectator quoted an officer in the Amherst , N.Y. , Police Department as saying that the FBI. bulletin had indicated possible links between the two men and James Charles Kopp , an abortion opponent who is being sought as a material witness in the case .	In its Friday edition, The Hamilton (Ontario) Spectator quoted an Amherst, N.Y., Police Department official as saying the FBI had hinted at possible links between the two men and James Charles Kopp, an abortion opponent wanted as a key witness in the case.
Amherst police officials declined to comment Saturday .	Amherst police declined to comment on Saturday.
Slepian , 52 , an obstetrician and gynecologist , was shot through the kitchen window of his home in Amherst shortly after he and his wife returned home from synagogue on the night of Friday , Oct. 23 .	Slepian, 52, an obstetrician and gynecologist, was shot through the kitchen window of his Amherst home shortly after he and his wife returned home from the synagogue on Friday night, October 23.
He was one of three doctors who performed abortions in the Buffalo area .	He was one of three doctors who performed abortions in the Buffalo area.
Investigators in Canada and the United States are also looking into four other sniper attacks on doctors who performed abortions in Canada and western New York .	Investigators in Canada and the United States are also investigating four other sniper attacks on doctors performing abortions in Canada and western New York.
Moskal said the two men apparently showed up at Slepian 's house the day after his death .	Moskal said the two men apparently showed up at Slepian's house the day after his death.
They were trying to attend a prayer vigil for Slepian but had been sent to his house by mistake , and a police officer on duty took their names , Moskal said .	They had tried to attend a prayer vigil for Slepian but were accidentally sent to his house and a police officer on duty took their names, Moskal said.
`` They were being sought for interviews just because they were literally in the area after the homicide , '' he said .	"They were wanted for interviews just because they were literally in the area after the murder," he said.
FBI officials said they were not certain whether Stauber or Gingrich had been involved in antiabortion activities .	FBI officials said they were not sure whether Stauber or Gingrich were involved in anti-abortion activities.
The two men are believed to live in the Cleveland area .	The two men are believed to live in the Cleveland area.
Inspector Keith MacCaskill of the Winnipeg Police Service , a Canadian member of a law-enforcement task force investigating all five of the shootings , said he had never heard of the men .	Inspector Keith MacCaskill of the Winnipeg Police Service, a Canadian member of a law enforcement task force investigating all five shootings, said he had never heard of the men.
Moskal emphasized that no one has been named as a suspect in Slepian 's death .	Moskal stressed that no one has been named as a suspect in Slepian's death.
`` Just the fact that we are interviewing anyone does n't make them a subject or a suspect in this , '' he said .	"The very fact that we are interviewing someone does not make them a subject or a suspect," he said.
INDEPENDENCE , Mo. _ The North Atlantic Treaty Organization embraced three of its former rivals , the Czech Republic , Hungary and Poland on Friday , formally ending the Soviet domination of those nations that began after World War II and opening a new path for the military alliance .	INDEPENDENCE, Mo. _ The North Atlantic Treaty Organization embraced three of its former rivals, the Czech Republic, Hungary, and Poland, on Friday, formally ending Soviet domination of those nations that began after World War II and opening a new path for the military alliance.
In a ceremony tinged with the personal and the emotional at the Truman Presidential Library here , Secretary of State Madeleine Albright watched the foreign ministers of the three countries sign the documents of accession to the alliance , signed them herself and then held them aloft like a victory trophy .	In a personal and emotional ceremony at the Truman Presidential Library, Secretary of State Madeleine Albright watched as the foreign ministers of the three countries signed the alliance's accession documents, signed them themselves, and then held them aloft like a trophy.
Albright , who was born in Prague and fled just after the Communist takeover in 1948 , made no secret of her joy at her homeland and its neighbors joining the alliance after a six year trans-Atlantic diplomatic process led by the Clinton administration .	Albright, who was born in Prague and fled shortly after the Communist takeover in 1948, made no secret of her delight at the accession of her homeland and its neighbors to the alliance after a six-year transatlantic diplomatic process led by the Clinton administration.
`` To quote an old Central European expression , ` Hallelujah , ''' she said .	"To quote an old Central European phrase:" Hallelujah, "" she said.
In Poland , Hungary and the Czech Republic , the moment was marked by small-scale public celebrations .	In Poland, Hungary and the Czech Republic, the moment was marked by small public celebrations.
In Warsaw , Poland , after dark , as fireworks lit the sky , the Polish flag and the flag of NATO were raised side by side near the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier in Pilsudski Square	In Warsaw, Poland, after dark, when fireworks lit up the sky, the Polish flag and NATO flag were raised side by side near the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier in Pilsudski Square.
In Hungary , NATO members ' flags were raised outside the Defense Ministry .	In Hungary, the flags of NATO members were raised in front of the Ministry of Defense.
And in Prague , Czech Republic , President Vaclav Havel said in a statement , `` Never have we been part of such a broad , solid and binding security alliance which at the same time respects in its essence the sovereignty and will of our nation . ''	And in Prague, Czech Republic, President Vaclav Havel said in a statement: "Never before have we been part of such a broad, solid and binding security alliance, which at the same time respects the sovereignty and will of our nation."
The enlargement of NATO from 16 members to 19 has been one of the administration 's foremost foreign policy goals , one that grew out of a desire , its proponents said , to cement the democratic gains made in the former Warsaw Pact countries after the collapse of communism 10 years ago .	Enlarging NATO from 16 to 19 members was one of the government's most important foreign policy goals, one that arose out of a desire, advocates say, to cement the democratic gains made in the former Warsaw Pact countries after the collapse of communism a decade ago.
But the policy also faced critics , who argued that welcoming these three new countries would draw a new line across Europe and antagonize the Russians .	But policymakers also faced critics who argued that welcoming these three new countries would draw a new border across Europe and turn Russians against them.
As of Friday , the border between Western Europe and the former Soviet Union moved to the eastern border of Poland .	Since Friday, the border between Western Europe and the former Soviet Union has shifted to Poland's eastern border.
In her speech , in the small auditorium where dignitaries from the three countries sat and the three foreign ministers flanked her on the stage , Albright countered that NATO would now do `` for Europe 's East what NATO has already helped to do for Europe 's West .	In her speech in the small hall, where dignitaries from the three countries sat and the three foreign ministers flanked her on stage, Albright countered that NATO would now do for Eastern Europe what NATO had already done for Western Europe.
" We will do all we can to protect our diplomatic and military peoples around the world , " she said .	"We will do everything in our power to protect our diplomatic and military peoples around the world," she said.
Clinton met with his top aides Wednesday in the White House to assess the situation following the twin bombings at U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania , which have killed more than 250 people and injured over 5,000 , most of them Kenyans and Tanzanians .	Clinton met with his top advisers at the White House on Wednesday to assess the situation following the two bombings of the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania that killed more than 250 people and wounded more than 5,000, most of them Kenyans and Tanzanians.
Twelve Americans were killed in the Kenya embassy bombing .	Twelve Americans were killed in the bombing of the Kenyan embassy.
Clinton ordered an assessment of what it would cost to rebuild the embassies in Kenya and Tanzania and the price tag for emergency response teams sent to the two countries .	Clinton ordered an assessment of the cost of rebuilding embassies in Kenya and Tanzania, as well as the cost of the emergency teams deployed to the two countries.
He also asked for a " list of the priorities for improving security for U.S. facilities around the world . "	He also called for a "list of priorities to improve the security of U.S. facilities around the world."
The State Department and the Office of Management and Budget will jointly make the assessments " in the next few days , " and the president will present the report to Congress for more emergency funding .	The State Department and the Office of Management and Budget will jointly make the assessments "in the coming days," and the president will submit the report to Congress for further emergency funding.
Director of the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) Louis Freeh said here Friday that U.S. air raid on Afghanistan and Sudan is not directly linked with the probe into the August 7 bombings in east Africa .	The director of the US Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) Louis Freeh said here on Friday that the US airstrikes on Afghanistan and Sudan are not directly related to the investigation into the 7 August bombings in East Africa.
" This is an investigation proceeding on many fronts , " said Freeh at a press conference at the Jomo Kenyatta airport before returning home .	"This is an investigation on many fronts," Freeh said at a news conference at Jomo Kenyatta airport before returning home.
" I cannot detail or characterize the type of evidence we have gathered in Nairobi . "	"I cannot detail or characterize the kind of evidence we gathered in Nairobi."
He said he cannot confirm there is any evidence linking the bomb blasts at the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania to the Saudi millionaire and the allegedly main sponsor of anti-U.S. terrorism , Osama Bin Laden , who now lives in Afghanistan .	He said he could not confirm that there was evidence of a link between the bombings of the US embassies in Kenya and Tanzania and the Saudi millionaire and alleged main sponsor of anti-US terrorism, Osama Bin Laden, who now lives in Afghanistan.
" Hundreds of people have been interviewed " and investigators probably have to take quite a long time to compile evidence in the two bomb blasts so as to reach any conclusion , he said .	"Hundreds of people have been questioned" and investigators would probably have to take quite a long time to gather evidence about the two bombings to reach any conclusion, he said.
Freeh flew to Washington immediately after the press conference .	Freeh flew to Washington immediately after the news conference.
U.S. President Bill Clinton said Thursday that he had ordered the strikes after receiving " convincing evidence " that the terrorist facilities the U.S. raided in Sudan and Afghanistan had played key roles in the bomb attacks in capitals of Kenya and Tanzania .	US President Bill Clinton said Thursday that he ordered the attacks after receiving "compelling evidence" that US-raided terrorist facilities in Sudan and Afghanistan played a key role in the bombings in the capitals of Kenya and Tanzania.
However , Freeh said although the bombing investigators from the FBI , Kenya and Tanzania have been working very hard and made " very good progress " on the case , so far no conclusion or decision can be made at this stage .	However, Freeh said that although FBI, Kenyan and Tanzanian bomb investigators had worked very hard and made "very good progress" in the case, no conclusion or decision could be reached at this stage.
After touring Tanzanian capital Dar es Salaam Thursday and meeting with Kenyan police leaders Friday morning , the FBI chief also said that he is very satisfied with the close and effective cooperation among the FBI agents and the police in Kenya and Tanzania .	After a visit to the Tanzanian capital Dar es Salaam on Thursday and a meeting with Kenyan police chiefs on Friday morning, the FBI chief also said that he was very pleased with the close and effective cooperation between FBI agents and police in Kenya and Tanzania.
The man who hurled a grenade at security guards at the U.S. embassy here seconds before the bomb exploded was positively identified Thursday as two more suspects -- one Arab , one Sudanese -- who had been arrested , Kenya 's national newspapers reported Friday .	The man who hurled a grenade at U.S. Embassy guards seconds before the bomb exploded was identified on Thursday as two other suspects - an Arab and a Sudanese - who had been arrested, Kenyan newspapers reported Friday.
Local sources said that the plan of bombing U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania took three months to complete and bombers destined for Kenya were dispatched through Somalia and Rwanda .	Local sources said the plan to bomb U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania took three months and bombers destined for Kenya were sent through Somalia and Rwanda.
A senior government official who saw the confessions of suspects was quoted Friday by local media as saying that an Egyptian Islamic Jihad group , linked with Laden , planned the attacks .	A senior government official who saw the confessions of the suspects was quoted by local media on Friday as saying that an Egyptian Islamic Jihad group linked to bin Laden had planned the attacks.
The car bomb attack at the U.S. embassy in Nairobi killed 253 people and injured 5,000 others .	The car bomb attack on the US embassy in Nairobi killed 253 people and injured 5,000 others.
A nearly simultaneous car bombing outside the U.S. embassy in Tanzania killed 10 people and wounded about 70 others .	Ten people were killed and about 70 others injured in an almost simultaneous car bomb attack outside the U.S. Embassy in Tanzania.
Earlier , the U.S. 's demand for Laden 's extradition from Afghanistan has been refused by the Taliban government .	Previously, the Taliban government had rejected the U.S. demand for Laden's extradition from Afghanistan.
The ratification process of NATO enlargement concluded on Wednesday after the Netherlands gave its go-ahead .	The ratification process of NATO enlargement was completed on Wednesday after the Netherlands gave the green light.
Poland , Hungary and the Czech Republic have been accepted as members of the Western military alliance after the upper house of the Dutch parliament voted in favor of their inclusion .	Poland, Hungary and the Czech Republic were admitted as members of the Western military alliance after the upper house of the Dutch parliament voted in favour of their admission.
All the political parties in the upper house , with the exception of the Greens , agreed on the enlargement process , according to reports reaching here .	All parties in the upper house, with the exception of the Greens, agreed to the enlargement process, as reported here.
The lower house already approved the enlargement move in early October this year .	The House of Commons approved the expansion at the beginning of October this year.
The ratification process began in February this year with Canada being the first NATO member state starting the ratification process .	The ratification process began in February this year, when Canada became the first NATO member state to begin the ratification process.
It was followed by Denmark , Norway , Germany , France , Greece , Luxembourg , Spain , Britain , the United States , Iceland , Belgium , Italy , Portugal and Turkey .	This was followed by Denmark, Norway, Germany, France, Greece, Luxembourg, Spain, the United Kingdom, the United States, Iceland, Belgium, Italy, Portugal and Turkey.
NATO decided at last year 's Madrid summit to invite the three eastern European countries to start accession talks .	At the Madrid Summit last year, NATO decided to invite the three Eastern European countries to start accession talks.
Poland , Hungary and the Czech Republic are scheduled to become full members of NATO in April next year when the alliance celebrates its 50th anniversary in Washington .	Poland, Hungary and the Czech Republic are to become full members of NATO in April next year, when the alliance celebrates its 50th anniversary in Washington.
The North Atlantic Treaty Organization ( NATO ) has decided to admit Poland , Hungary and the Czech Republic in early March , an official from the organization said on Wednesday .	The North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) decided in early March to admit Poland, Hungary and the Czech Republic, a representative of the organization said Wednesday.
The official said that the accession was planned for early March , but no exact date was fixed yet .	The official said the accession was planned for early March, but an exact date has not yet been set.
He added that a ceremonial accession would still be held at the NATO Washington summit on April 24 and 25 .	He added that a formal accession would take place at the NATO summit in Washington on 24 and 25 April.
The March accession will enable the three countries to be eligible for signing the summit documents that will include the alliance 's new strategic concept and post-Madrid development plan , the official added .	The accession in March will allow the three countries to sign the summit documents, which will include the new strategic concept of the alliance and the post-Madrid development plan, the official added.
The western military alliance invited the three central and eastern European countries to join the 16-nation bloc in July 1997 at the Madrid summit .	The Western military alliance invited the three Central and Eastern European countries to join the 16-nation bloc at the Madrid summit in July 1997.
The three countries have finished all necessary formalities for accession after the Hungarian parliament ratified the accession treaty on Tuesday .	Following the ratification of the Accession Treaty by the Hungarian Parliament on Tuesday, the three countries have completed all the necessary formalities for accession.
Also applying for NATO membership are Romania , Slovenia , Latvia , Estonia , Lithuania and Bulgaria .	Romania, Slovenia, Latvia, Estonia, Lithuania and Bulgaria are also candidates for NATO membership.
The presidents of Poland and the Czech Republic have signed papers of accession in simultaneous ceremonies -- broadcast live on Polish television in Warsaw and Prague -- to become members of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization ( NATO ) .	The Presidents of Poland and the Czech Republic signed accession papers to become members of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) in simultaneous ceremonies broadcast live on Polish television in Warsaw and Prague.
Poland 's Aleksander Kwasniewski and Vaclav Havel signed the preparatory documents in their presidential palaces .	Polish Presidents Aleksander Kwasniewski and Vaclav Havel signed the preparatory documents in their presidential palaces.
Polish Defense Minister Janusz Onyszkiewicz and other senior military officers were also present at the ceremony .	Polish Defense Minister Janusz Onyszkiewicz and other senior military officers also attended the ceremony.
Poland , the Czech Republic and Hungary , who were invited to join NATO in Madrid in July 1997 , will officially join NATO on March 12 in a ceremony in Independence , Missouri .	Poland, the Czech Republic and Hungary, which were invited to join NATO in Madrid in July 1997, will officially join NATO on 12 March at a ceremony in Independence, Missouri.
Hungarian head of state Arpad Goencz signed Budapest 's accession document on February 10 .	The Hungarian Head of State, Arpad Goencz, signed Budapest's accession document on 10 February.
U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright has invited Polish Foreign Minister Bronisaw Geremek to visit the United States .	US Secretary of State Madeleine Albright has invited Polish Foreign Minister Bronisaw Geremek to visit the United States.
In her speech , in the small auditorium where dignitaries from the three countries sat and the three foreign ministers flanked her on the stage , Albright countered that NATO would now do `` for Europe 's East what NATO has already helped to do for Europe 's West .	In her speech in the small hall, where dignitaries from the three countries sat and the three foreign ministers flanked her on stage, Albright countered that NATO would now do for Eastern Europe what NATO had already done for Western Europe.
Steadily and systematically , we will continue erasing _ without replacing _ the line drawn in Europe by Stalin 's bloody boot . ''	We will steadily and systematically erase the line drawn in Europe by Stalin's bloody boots, without replacing it. "
Albright also used her speech to articulate a forward-looking vision for NATO , which will celebrate its 50th anniversary in Washington next month , and to defend NATO 's potential involvement in Kosovo .	Albright also used her speech to articulate a forward-looking vision for NATO, which celebrates its 50th anniversary next month in Washington, and to defend NATO's potential engagement in Kosovo.
In the aftermath of the Cold War , she said , NATO must be ready to face `` an aggressive regime , a rampaging faction , or a terrorist group .	After the Cold War, NATO must be ready to confront an aggressive regime, a rampaging splinter group, or a terrorist group.
And we know that if , past is prologue , we face a future in which weapons will be more destructive at longer distances than ever before . ''	And we know that if the past is prologue, we face a future in which weapons will be more destructive over longer distances than ever before. "
The NATO summit , she said , would produce an initiative that `` responds to the grave threat posed by weapons of mass destruction and their means of delivery . ''	The NATO summit will produce an initiative that "responds to the serious threat posed by weapons of mass destruction and their delivery systems."
In Kosovo , where the Yugoslav leader , Slobodan Milosevic , is resisting the deployment of NATO-led troops , including 4,000 U.S. soldiers , Albright insisted that NATO was the best tool to enforce a peace settlement .	In Kosovo, where Yugoslav leader Slobodan Milosevic opposes the deployment of NATO-led troops, including 4,000 US troops, Albright insisted that NATO was the best tool to enforce a peace settlement.
`` We must be clear in explaining that a settlement without NATO-led enforcement is not acceptable because only NATO has the credibility and capability to make it work , '' she said .	"We need to make it clear that a solution without NATO-led enforcement is not acceptable because only NATO has the credibility and ability to make it work," she said.
`` And we must be resolute in spelling out the consequences of intransigence , '' she added , referring to the threat of NATO air strikes against Milosevic if he does not agree to the deployment .	"And we must resolutely explain the consequences of intransigence," she added, referring to the threat of NATO airstrikes against Milosevic if he does not agree to the deployment.
But in many ways , the day belonged to the Czech Republic , Hungary and Poland , who in order to meet NATO 's standards have had to cut the size of their Soviet-style militaries , organize civilian control of their armies and agree to buy NATO compatible equipment in the coming years .	But in many ways, the day belonged to the Czech Republic, Hungary, and Poland, which, in order to meet NATO standards, had to downsize their Soviet-style armed forces, organize civilian control of their armies, and agree to buy NATO-compatible equipment in the coming years.
It was the spiritual homecoming to the West that all three foreign ministers stressed .	It was the spiritual homecoming to the West that all three foreign ministers emphasized.
`` Poland forever returns where she has always belonged _ the free world , '' said Bronislaw Geremek , the foreign minister of Poland , who was a dissident during the Communist era .	"Poland is returning forever to where it always belonged: to the free world," said Polish Foreign Minister Bronislaw Geremek, who was a dissident during the communist era.
Geremek said he had brought some appropriate mementoes from Poland to the Truman library , including a campaign poster from 1989 when the anti-communist Solidarity forces won against the Communists .	Geremek said he brought some appropriate memorabilia from Poland to the Truman Library, including a campaign poster from 1989, when the anti-communist Solidarity forces won against the communists.
The poster showed a picture of Gary Cooper from the film `` High Noon . ''	The poster showed a picture of Gary Cooper from the movie "High Noon."
`` It helped us to win , '' Geremek said .	"It helped us win," Geremek said.
`` For the people of Poland , high noon comes today . ''	"Today is noon for the people of Poland." "
The Czech foreign minister , Jan Kavan , who lived in London from 1968 , when the Soviets invaded Czechoslovakia , until 1989 , said he had remained buoyant during his opposition work as an emigre by believing that communism would eventually fall .	Czech Foreign Minister Jan Kavan, who lived in London from 1968, when the Soviets invaded Czechoslovakia, until 1989, said he remained animated during his opposition work as an emigrant because he believed that communism would eventually fall.
But he never dreamed , he said , that his country would become a member of NATO .	But he never dreamed that his country would become a member of NATO.
`` Accession to NATO is a guarantee that we will never again become powerless victims of any foreign aggression , '' Kavan said .	"Joining NATO is a guarantee that we will never again become impotent victims of foreign aggression," Kavan said.
Similarly , the Hungarian foreign minister , Janos Martonyi , who remembers the 1956 uprising as a 13-year-old , said that membership of NATO meant that Hungary was returning `` to her natural habitat . ''	Hungarian Foreign Minister Janos Martonyi, who remembers the 1956 uprising as a 13-year-old, also said that NATO membership meant that Hungary was "returning to its natural habitat."
`` It has been our manifest destiny to rejoin those with whom we share the same values , interests and goals , '' he said .	"It was our obvious purpose to reunite those with whom we share the same values, interests and goals," he said.
But Martonyi also emphasized that Hungary understood NATO membership carried with it obligations as well as privileges .	But Martonyi also stressed that Hungary understands that NATO membership entails not only privileges but also obligations.
`` We shall prove that new members can indeed add to the weight of the alliance , '' he said .	"We will prove that new members can actually increase the weight of the alliance," he said.
The location for Friday 's ceremony was chosen by Albright , who as secretary of state is the depository of NATO 's accession accords .	The venue for Friday's ceremony was chosen by Albright, who as secretary of state is the custodian of NATO accession agreements.
The secretary made the fairly unorthodox decision to choose a site outside Washington because she wanted the ceremony to resonate with the memories of President Truman , under whom NATO was founded .	The secretary made the rather unorthodox decision to choose a location outside Washington because she wanted the ceremony to be aligned with the memories of President Truman, under whom NATO was founded.
On April 4 , 1949 , on behalf of the United States , Truman 's secretary of state , Dean Acheson , signed the Washington Treaty , which created NATO .	On April 4, 1949, Truman's Secretary of State Dean Acheson signed, on behalf of the United States, the Washington Treaty that created NATO.
Acheson is Albright 's favorite predecessor , her aides said .	Acheson was Albright's favorite predecessor, her aides said.
Formed in reaction to the threat of the Soviet Union under Stalin , NATO calls for the collective defense of its members and was brought into being with an original 12 members .	Founded in response to the threat posed by the Soviet Union under Stalin, NATO calls for the collective defense of its members and was originally created with 12 members.
The alliance has expanded three times before , adding Greece and Turkey in 1952 , West Germany in 1955 and Spain in 1982 .	The alliance has already expanded three times, to include Greece and Turkey in 1952, West Germany in 1955, and Spain in 1982.
But never before has NATO reached out to its former Eastern-bloc enemies .	But NATO has never reached out to its former enemies in the Eastern Bloc.
The Clinton administration embarked on the expansion of NATO in 1993 after Clinton met in Washington with President Havel and Lech Walesa , who was then the president of Poland .	The Clinton administration began expanding NATO in 1993 after Clinton met in Washington with President Havel and then-Polish President Lech Walesa.
These conversations are remembered by Clinton 's foreign policy team because they took place after the opening of the Holocaust Museum and because they involved two very different Central European leaders who brought the same message .	Clinton's foreign policy team remembers these talks because they took place after the opening of the Holocaust Museum, and because they involved two very different Central European leaders delivering the same message.
U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright has invited Polish Foreign Minister Bronisaw Geremek to visit the United States .	US Secretary of State Madeleine Albright has invited Polish Foreign Minister Bronisaw Geremek to visit the United States.
He will then travel to Washington DC on March 12 to submit the document .	He will then travel to Washington DC on March 12 to submit the document.
Poland , Hungary and the Czech Republic Friday formally joined NATO at a ceremony held in the city of Independence , Missouri .	Poland, Hungary and the Czech Republic officially joined NATO on Friday at a ceremony in the city of Independence, Missouri.
At the Harry Truman Library in Independence , the three foreign ministers of Bronislaw Geremek of Poland , Janos Martonyi of Hungary and Jan Kavan of the Czech Republic signed formal documents of accession .	At the Harry Truman Library in Independence, the three foreign ministers Bronislaw Geremek (Poland), Janos Martonyi (Hungary) and Jan Kavan (Czech Republic) signed formal accession documents.
In speeches before the signing ceremony , the ministers said their countries saw NATO membership as an assurance of security and recognition of their rightful place in Europe .	In speeches before the signing ceremony, ministers said that their countries saw NATO membership as a guarantee of security and recognition of their rightful place in Europe.
Kavan said the Czech Republic would no longer become " the powerless victim of a foreign invasion . "	Kavan said the Czech Republic would no longer be "the powerless victim of a foreign invasion."
Martonyi called Hunragy 's admission in NATO " returning to her natural habitat , " saying : " It has been our manifest destiny to rejoin those with whom we share the same values , interests and goals . "	Martonyi called Hunragy's admission to NATO a "return to her natural habitat" and said, "It was our obvious destiny to join those with whom we share the same values, interests, and goals."
And Geremek said it was " a great day for Poland and for the world . "	And Geremek spoke of a "great day for Poland and for the world."
Hungary 's accession to NATO has brought about new changes to the political balance in central and eastern Europe , shattering the world configuration under the Yalta accord since World War II , Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban said here Friday .	Hungary's accession to NATO has changed the political balance in Central and Eastern Europe and shaken the world order since World War II, Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban said here on Friday.
Addressing a NATO flag-lowering ceremony at the Dutch embassy , Orban said the occasion indicated the end of the embassy 's mission of liaison between Hungary and NATO ( North Atlantic Treaty Organization ) .	Speaking in front of the Dutch Embassy, where the NATO flag was raised, Orban said the occasion was the end of the embassy's liaison mission between Hungary and NATO (North Atlantic Treaty Organization).
The Hungarian government staged a number of celebrations to mark the country 's entry into NATO on Friday .	The Hungarian government held a series of celebrations on Friday to mark the country's accession to NATO.
In a televised address Friday , President Arpad Gencz described the entry as " a historic event " which proves the credibility and the realistic approaches of the country 's foreign policy .	In a televised address on Friday, President Arpad Gencz called the accession a "historic event" that demonstrated the credibility and realistic approach of the country's foreign policy.
Among the first three former Warsaw Pact countries to accede to NATO on Friday were also Poland and the Czech Republic .	Poland and the Czech Republic were among the first three former Warsaw Pact countries to join NATO on Friday.
The ambassadors of Hungary , Poland and the Czech Republic issued a joint statement Friday saying the three countries ' entry into NATO will consolidate Europe 's security and help eliminate threats to it .	The ambassadors of Hungary, Poland and the Czech Republic issued a joint statement on Friday saying that the accession of the three countries to NATO will strengthen Europe's security and help eliminate threats to Europe.
Five major political parties in the country issued statements supporting the country 's NATO membership .	Five of the country's major political parties issued statements in support of the country's NATO membership.
But some other parties and social organizations are against NATO 's expansion , claiming Hungary 's accession to NATO would be detrimental to the country 's independence and bring about new problems and economic burdens to the country .	But some other parties and social organizations oppose NATO enlargement, claiming that Hungary's accession to NATO would damage the country's independence and bring new problems and economic burdens.
Poland , Hungary and the Czech Republic Friday formally joined NATO at a ceremony held in the city of Independence , Missouri .	Poland, Hungary and the Czech Republic officially joined NATO on Friday at a ceremony in the city of Independence, Missouri.
At the Harry Truman Library in Independence , the three foreign ministers of Bronislaw Geremek of Poland , Janos Martonyi of Hungary and Jan Kavan of the Czech Republic signed formal documents of accession .	At the Harry Truman Library in Independence, the three foreign ministers Bronislaw Geremek (Poland), Janos Martonyi (Hungary) and Jan Kavan (Czech Republic) signed formal accession documents.
In speeches before the signing ceremony , the ministers said their countries saw NATO membership as an assurance of security and recognition of their rightful place in Europe .	In speeches before the signing ceremony, ministers said that their countries saw NATO membership as a guarantee of security and recognition of their rightful place in Europe.
Kavan said the Czech Republic would no longer become " the powerless victim of a foreign invasion . "	Kavan said the Czech Republic would no longer be "the powerless victim of a foreign invasion."
Martonyi called Hunragy 's admission in NATO " returning to her natural habitat , " saying : " It has been our manifest destiny to rejoin those with whom we share the same values , interests and goals . "	Martonyi called Hunragy's admission to NATO a "return to her natural habitat" and said, "It was our obvious destiny to join those with whom we share the same values, interests, and goals."
And Geremek said it was " a great day for Poland and for the world . "	And Geremek spoke of a "great day for Poland and for the world."
U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright accepted admission papers from the three countries ' foreign ministers , marking their formal entry into the 50-year-old Western alliance .	US Secretary of State Madeleine Albright accepted the admission papers of the foreign ministers of the three countries, marking their formal accession to the 50-year-old Western alliance.
" Hallelujah , " exclaimed Albright , a daughter of Czechoslovakia , who as a child fled her native land and later became a U.S. citizen .	"Hallelujah," cried Albright, a daughter of Czechoslovakia who fled her homeland as a child and later became a U.S. citizen.
Ahead of the ceremony , NATO Secretary-General Javier Solana said that the accession of the three countries ... " is perhaps the clearest demonstration of the fact that Europe is growing closer together . "	Ahead of the ceremony, NATO Secretary General Javier Solana said that the accession of the three countries "is perhaps the clearest evidence that Europe is growing closer together."
" Extending membership to these three democracies helps to stabilize a region that historically has been the staging ground for many of the disasters of this century , " Solana added , referring to the two world wars .	"Extending membership to these three democracies will help stabilise a region that has historically been the scene of many disasters this century," Solana added, referring to the two world wars.
The U.S. State Department has said the three new members " enhance NATO 's ability to fulfill its core mission of collective defense , respond to a range of security challenges and reduce the possibility of another major conflict in Europe of the kind that has claimed so many American lives . "	The State Department said the three new members "enhance NATO's ability to fulfill its core mission of collective defense, respond to a range of security challenges, and reduce the possibility of another major conflict in Europe that has claimed so many American lives."
Their message was that NATO should be used as the mechanism to secure the democratic progress of their countries and at the same dissuade Russia from any more imperial designs .	Their message was that NATO should be used as a mechanism to ensure their countries "democratic progress while dissuading Russia from further imperial intentions.
The U.S. ambassador to Poland , Dan Fried , who was then on the National Security Council , said Friday that he remembered being asked to help `` turn this pious wish into a policy . ''	The U.S. ambassador to Poland, Dan Fried, who was on the National Security Council at the time, said Friday that he remembered being asked to "translate that pious desire into policy."
In July 1997 , at a summit in Madrid , Spain , the alliance announced it would accept Poland , Hungary and the Czech Republic .	In July 1997, the Alliance announced at a summit in Madrid that it would welcome Poland, Hungary and the Czech Republic.
Romania and Slovenia , which had tried hard to meet the standards , were turned away , at least for the time being .	Romania and Slovenia, which had tried to meet the standards, were rejected, at least for the time being.
One problem was how to deal with the Russians , who vacillated between outright hostility and accepting what looked like the inevitable .	One problem was dealing with the Russians, who oscillated between open hostility and acceptance of the seemingly inevitable.
In early 1997 , President Boris Yeltsin told President Clinton he could live with NATO expansion .	In early 1997, President Boris Yeltsin told President Clinton that he could live with NATO enlargement.
But in order to accommodate the Russians , NATO created the NATO-Russia Council as a consultative body that formalized relations between Moscow and the alliance .	But, to accommodate the Russians, NATO created the NATO-Russia Council as an advisory body that formalized relations between Moscow and the Alliance.
Poland has been sensitive to the reactions of Russia to its membership of NATO , and Geremek has gone out of his way to reassure the Russians .	Poland reacted sensitively to Russia's reaction to NATO membership, and Geremek did everything he could to reassure the Russians.
`` We want our membership of NATO to serve as a ` catalyst' for Polish Russian co-operation , '' he said last year .	"We want our NATO membership to serve as a catalyst for Polish-Russian cooperation," he said last year.
Even so , on the secretary of state 's plane carrying Albright and the three foreign ministers to the ceremony Friday , the ministers were asked whether they could ever foresee Russia as a member of NATO .	Still, the ministers on the secretary of state's plane that brought Albright and the three foreign ministers to Friday's ceremony were asked if they could ever imagine Russia as a NATO member.
Then Martonyi replied : `` Silence is your answer . ''	Then Martonyi replied: "Silence is your answer."
With the finding of a buried rifle 11 days ago , the authorities in the Buffalo , N.Y. , area say they have gathered enough evidence in the October slaying of Dr. Barnett Slepian to begin presenting a murder case to a state grand jury as early as next week .	With the discovery of a buried rifle 11 days ago, authorities in the Buffalo, New York area say they have gathered enough evidence for the October killing of Dr. Barnett Slepian to begin presenting a murder case to a state grand jury as early as next week.
A federal grand jury has already been addressing the slaying under laws that prohibit violence against providers of abortion .	A federal grand jury has already considered the killing under laws that prohibit violence against abortion providers.
Slepian was the mainstay of Buffalo 's only abortion clinic before he was shot to death last Oct. 23 at his home in suburban Amherst .	Slepian was the mainstay of Buffalo's only abortion clinic before he was shot dead at his home in suburban Amherst on October 23 last year.
But the decision by District Attorney Frank C. Clark to begin presenting evidence to a state grand jury suggests that he has amassed enough material to support a criminal indictment for homicide .	But District Attorney Frank C. Clark's decision to begin taking evidence before a state grand jury suggests he has amassed enough material to support a murder charge.
`` We 've gotten to the point where we know what we want to introduce before a grand jury , '' Clark said in a telephone interview Monday .	"We're at a point where we know what we want to present to a grand jury," Clark said Monday in a telephone interview.
Although the authorities are not saying who the suspect is , all of the attention so far has fallen on James C. Kopp , a 44-year-old anti-abortion protester who had been traveling around the country from demonstration to demonstration for years .	Although authorities have not said who the suspect is, all attention so far has been focused on James C. Kopp, a 44-year-old anti-abortion activist who has traveled from demonstration to demonstration across the country for years.
Officially , Kopp is being sought as a `` material witness '' in the case .	Officially, Kopp is wanted as a "material witness" in the case.
Clark said it was easier to seek extradition of an indicted suspect from another state or a foreign country than of someone wanted as a material witness .	Clark said it would be easier to request the extradition of an accused suspect from another state or country than from someone wanted as a material witness.
For now , though , that would be a theoretical advantage since the authorities have admitted they have no idea where Kopp is .	For now, however, that would be a theoretical advantage, since the authorities have admitted that they have no idea where Kopp is.
Clark said there was `` no question '' that the finding of the rifle was important in his decision to seek an indictment .	Clark said there was "no question" that the discovery of the gun was important in his decision to press charges.
The rifle was discovered April 8 buried one foot below the ground , about 200 feet behind Slepian 's house .	The rifle was discovered a metre underground on April 8, about 200 feet behind Slepian's home.
It is undergoing testing at the FBI laboratory in Washington , but the authorities have said it resembles the kind of high-powered rifle used in the slaying .	It is currently being tested at the FBI lab in Washington, but authorities have said it resembles the type of high-powered rifle used in the killing.
Clark said other evidence that prosecutors might present includes a strand of human hair found at the wooded firing site that has a `` high likelihood '' of matching Kopp 's hair and testimony from a jogger who spotted Kopp 's car near Slepian 's house at 6 a.m. ten days before the shooting .	Clark said other evidence prosecutors could present included a strand of human hair found at the wooded shooting site that "highly likely" matched Kopps' hair, as well as testimony from a jogger who discovered Kopps' car near Slepian's home 10 days before the 6 a.m. shooting.
There also are videotapes of Kopp 's car crossing the Canadian border around the days _ in 1994 , 1995 and 1997 _ that three Canadian doctors who perform abortions were shot at .	There are also videotapes of Kopps' car crossing the Canadian border in 1994, 1995 and 1997, when three Canadian doctors performing abortions were shot at.
None of those doctors were killed .	None of these doctors were killed.
If a suspect is caught and charged in both state and federal courts , a state trial would likely precede a federal one , giving the authorities two chances to prosecute .	If a suspect is apprehended and charged in both federal and state courts, federal proceedings would likely be preceded by federal proceedings, giving authorities two chances to prosecute.
New York State double-jeopardy laws would make it difficult to prosecute a suspect who had been found not guilty at a federal trial .	New York State's double jeopardy laws would make it more difficult to prosecute a suspect found not guilty in a federal case.
U.S. Attorney Denise E. O'Donnell declined to discuss what federal charges were being pursued , but she said that in a case like this , potential charges would be abortion-related violence , the use of a firearm in an act of violence , crossing state lines to commit a crime , and , if the suspect 's act was tied to an organization , violation of the so-called RICO statutes , which prohibit an organized criminal enterprise .	U.S. Attorney Denise E. O'Donnell declined to comment on the federal charges, but she said that in a case like this, potential charges of abortion-related violence, the use of a firearm in an act of violence, crossing state lines to commit a crime, and, if the suspect's act was linked to an organization, would be violations of the so-called RICO statutes, which prohibit an organized criminal enterprise.
Slepian , 52 , and the father of four boys , was shot to death at 10 p.m. as he stood chatting with his wife in the kitchen of their home in an affluent enclave in Amherst , which is the largest Buffalo suburb .	The 52-year-old Slepian, a father of four boys, was shot at 10 p.m. while chatting with his wife in the kitchen of their home in an affluent enclave in Amherst, the largest suburb of Buffalo.
Federal law enforcement officials said Wednesday that they had concluded that James Kopp , an impassioned and nomadic opponent of abortion , fired the shots that killed a Buffalo , N.Y. , abortion-clinic doctor last October .	US law enforcement officials said on Wednesday they had concluded that James Kopp, a passionate and nomadic anti-abortion activist, fired the shots that killed a doctor at an abortion clinic in Buffalo, New York, last October.
Based on physical evidence _ including a rifle found in April month buried near the doctor 's house and a match between fibers found near the murder and others found in Kopp 's car _ officials said they had decided to issue a warrant for his arrest in the killing of Dr. Barnett Slepian .	Based on physical evidence - including a rifle found near the doctor's home in April and a match between fibers found near the murder and others found in Kopp's car - officials said they had decided to issue an arrest warrant for Dr. Barnett Slepian.
Kopp , a fugitive , has until now been described only as a material witness and a nationwide warrant had been issued so that he could be held for questioning .	Kopp, a fugitive, has so far been described only as a factual witness and a federal arrest warrant has been issued to arrest him for questioning.
There was no official confirmation of the decision to upgrade the warrant , but Denise O'Donnell , the U.S. attorney for the Western District of New York in Buffalo , has scheduled a news conference Thursday to announce a `` major development '' in the Slepian murder investigation .	There was no official confirmation of the decision to update the warrant, but Denise O'Donnell, the U.S. Attorney for the Western District of New York in Buffalo, has scheduled a news conference for Thursday to announce a "significant development" in the investigation into Slepian's murder.
Erie County District Attorney Frank Clark , Bernard Tolbert , the special FBI agent in charge of the Buffalo office , and other investigators will also be there .	Erie County District Attorney Frank Clark, Bernard Tolbert, the FBI special agent in charge of the Buffalo office, and other investigators will also be at the scene.
Since there is no federal homicide statute as such , the federal officials said Kopp could be charged under the recent Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act , which provides for a sentence of up to life imprisonment for someone convicted of physical assaults or threats against abortion providers .	Because there is no federal homicide law as such, federal officials said Kopp could be charged under the recently passed Free Access to Hospital Entrances Act, which provides for a sentence of up to life in prison for someone convicted of physical assault or threats against abortion providers.
If Kopp were also indicted and convicted on state murder charges , he could face the death penalty .	If Kopp is also charged and convicted of murder, he could face the death penalty.
Slepian , a 52-year-old obstetrician and gynecologist who was the mainstay of Buffalo 's only abortion clinic , was shot to death on the night of Oct. 23 as he stood in the kitchen of his home in suburban Amherst , N.Y. chatting with his wife and one of his four sons .	Slepian, a 52-year-old obstetrician and gynecologist who was the mainstay of Buffalo's only abortion clinic, was shot dead on the night of October 23 as he stood in the kitchen of his home in suburban Amherst, New York, chatting with his wife and one of his four sons.
No weapon was recovered in the first police searches of the area around Slepian 's home .	No weapon was found in the initial police searches around Slepian's home.
But on April 8 , investigators , wondering how the assailant could have emerged from the woods without fearing he would be seen carrying a rifle , searched the site of the shooting once more and unearthed a rifle buried one foot below ground 200 feet behind the Slepian home .	But on April 8, investigators, wondering how the attacker could have come out of the woods without fear of being seen with a rifle, searched the scene of the shooting again and discovered a rifle buried a foot underground 200 feet behind Slepian's house.
Clark , the Erie district attorney , said afterwards that investigators think the doctor 's killer buried the rifle in the days before the shooting , unearthed the weapon to fire the fatal shots , then hurriedly reburied it and fled .	Clark, the Erie County district attorney, said afterward that investigators believed the doctor's killer buried the gun in the days before the shooting, dug up the gun and fired the fatal shots, then hastily buried it again and fled.
The 44-year-old Kopp , who in FBI photographs appears as gaunt and scruffily bearded and whose last known addresses were in Vermont and New Jersey , emerged as the focus of the investigation within two weeks of the slaying .	Kopp, 44, who appears gaunt and bearded in FBI photos and whose last known addresses were in Vermont and New Jersey, became the focus of the investigation within two weeks of the killing.
A jogger observed Kopp 's car at 6 a.m. near Slepian 's home 10 days before the murder , and , curious why a stranger would be parked there so early , wrote down the license plate number .	A jogger observed Kopp's car near Slepian's home at 6 a.m. 10 days before the murder and noted down the license plate out of curiosity as to why a stranger had parked there so early.
A six-year-old boy who arrived on US shores as a motherless refugee and became a political symbol for anti-Castro exiles must be returned to his father in Cuba , immigration authorities ruled Wednesday .	A six-year-old boy who came to the U.S. coast as a motherless refugee and became a political symbol for anti-Castro exiles must be returned to his father in Cuba, immigration authorities ruled Wednesday.
Faced with the choice of keeping Elian Gonzalez with relatives in Miami , where the boy has been wooed with American toys and theme-park visits , or returning him to his apparently distraught father in Havana , the Immigration and Naturalization Service decided the boy should go home by Jan. 14 , INS commissioner Doris Meissner told reporters .	Faced with the choice of accommodating Elian Gonzalez with relatives in Miami, where the boy was wooed with American toys and theme park visits, or returning him to his apparently distraught father in Havana, the Immigration and Naturalization Department decided that the boy should go home by January 14, INS Commissioner Doris Meissner told reporters.
`` This little boy , who has been through so much , belongs with his father , '' Meissner told a news conference .	"This little boy, who has been through so much, belongs to his father," Meissner said at a news conference.
The decision was met with outrage by Cuban-Americans , who said the youngster will suffer under the repressive communist regime of Fidel Castro .	The decision was met with outrage by Cuban Americans, who said the boy would suffer under Fidel Castro's repressive communist regime.
Lawyers for the boy 's family in Miami sent letters of protest to Attorney General Janet Reno and President Clinton and said they were prepared to file a court appeal if Reno and Clinton spurn the Gonzalez family .	Lawyers for the boy's family in Miami sent protest letters to Attorney General Janet Reno and President Clinton, saying they were ready to appeal if Reno and Clinton despise the Gonzalez family.
Anti-Castro demonstrators thronged the street near the local INS office in Miami Wednesday , demanding that Elian be allowed to stay .	Anti-Castro protesters crowded the street near the local INS office in Miami on Wednesday, demanding that Elian be allowed to stay.
`` Today is a sad day for the US Constitution . . . and for the hopes and dreams of Elian 's mother Elizabeth , '' who died with nine other adults when their boat sank as they attempted to reach Florida , said Roger Bernstein , representing the Miami Gonzalez family .	"Today is a sad day for the U.S. Constitution... and for the hopes and dreams of Elian's mother Elizabeth," who died along with nine other adults when her boat sank while trying to reach Florida, said Roger Bernstein, who represented the Miami Gonzalez family.
`` Nobody wants the boy to be separated from his father , '' said Ninoska Perez of the Miami-based Cuban-American National Foundation .	"Nobody wants the boy to be separated from his father," said Ninoska Perez of the Miami-based Cuban-American National Foundation.
`` But that little boy , by surviving two days on an inner tube , has earned the right to stay here in freedom . ''	'But this little boy has earned the right to be free here by surviving two days on a tube, 'he said.
In Havana , the government gave a guarded first response to the INS ruling , warning against `` excessive optimism '' and predicting `` the Cuban-American mafia and the extreme right in the U.S. Congress '' would still put up a fight to keep the boy .	In Havana, the government reacted cautiously to the INS ruling, warning against "excessive optimism" and predicting that "the Cuban-American mafia and the extreme right in the US Congress" would still fight to keep the boy.
Meissner said the INS decision was made after two lengthy interviews with the boy 's father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , a hotel worker in Cardenas , Cuba , who Meissner said is anxious to have Elian returned to him .	Meissner said the INS decision was made after two long conversations with the boy's father, Juan Miguel Gonzalez, a hotel employee in Cardenas, Cuba, who Meissner said was eager to bring Elian back to him.
Since the boy is so young , Meissner said , the natural father has the right to speak for Elian .	Since the boy was so young, Meiner said, the biological father had the right to speak for Elian.
There is `` no information '' that Gonzalez , who was divorced from Elian 's mother , is an unfit father , nor that he has been coerced by the Castro regime into pleading for his son 's return , Meissner said .	There was "no information" that Gonzlez, who was divorced from Elian's mother, was an unfit father or that he had been coerced by the Castro regime to campaign for his son's return, Meissner said.
Spencer Eig , an attorney for the Gonzalez family in Miami , said Meissner 's assumptions were `` unconstitutional and untrue . ''	Spencer Eig, a lawyer for the Gonzalez family in Miami, said Meissner's assumptions were "unconstitutional and untrue."
`` Elian cannot apply for asylum from persecution by the Fidel Castro government , '' Eig complained .	"Elian cannot apply for asylum because of the persecution by Fidel Castro's government," Eig complained.
`` If only his father , who is under the control of the Fidel Castro regime , can do it for him . . . that is deeply unfair and untrue . ''	'If only his father, who is under the control of the Fidel Castro regime, could do it for him... that's deeply unfair and untrue. '
Meissner gave no reason for the Jan. 14 deadline , and it is still unclear how Elian would be transported back to Cuba if the Gonzalez family 's appeals are unsuccessful .	Meissner gave no reason for the January 14 deadline, and it is still unclear how Elian will be returned to Cuba if the Gonzlez family's appeals are unsuccessful.
The INS offered three options : that Gonzalez come to pick up his son , that the family in Miami take him to Cuba , or that a `` third party '' escort the child to his homeland .	The INS offered three options: for Gonzalez to pick up his son, for the family in Miami to take him to Cuba, or for a "third party" to accompany the child to his home country.
Gonzalez _ perhaps under duress from the Castro regime _ has indicated he does not want to travel to Miami , and there is `` no way '' the Miami Gonzalezes will assist in sending Elian back to Cuba , Perez said .	Gonzalez had indicated - possibly under pressure from the Castro regime - that he did not want to travel to Miami, and there was "no possibility" that the Gonzalez would send Elian back to Cuba from Miami, Perez said.
Having a third party escort Elian frees the INS from the politically uncomfortable spectacle of having to do the task itself .	A third companion, Elian, frees the INS from the politically uncomfortable spectacle of having to do the job itself.
The Cuban-American lobby is a locally powerful political force few politicians want to provoke .	The Cuban-American lobby is a locally powerful political force that few politicians want to provoke.
Clinton has sought to distance himself from the controversy from the start .	Clinton has tried to distance herself from the controversy from the beginning.
`` I told you when we started this I would do my best to keep the decision out of politics , '' Clinton told reporters in the Rose Garden Wednesday .	"I told you when we started, I will do my best to keep the decision out of politics," Clinton told reporters in the Rose Garden on Wednesday.
But if Elian is forced to go back to Cuba , `` the Clinton-Gore administration , specifically ( Vice President ) Al Gore , will pay a high price in terms of votes in Florida , '' Perez said .	But if Elian is forced to return to Cuba, the Clinton-Gore administration, especially (Vice President) Al Gore, will pay a heavy price in terms of votes in Florida, "Perez said.
Cuba experts and child custody lawyers said the INS ruling was appropriate under the law .	Cuba experts and custody lawyers said the INS ruling was appropriate under the law.
`` It 's high time '' the boy was sent back to his birthplace , said Wayne Smith , a former Clinton administration adviser on Cuba .	"It's high time" the boy was sent back to his birthplace, said Wayne Smith, a former Clinton administration adviser on Cuba.
`` Every state court and every family court in the United States would award custody to a surviving parent rather than a distant relative who lives a more prosperous life , '' said David Abraham , a professor at Miami Law School and expert in custody law .	"Every federal court and family court in the United States would award custody to a surviving parent, not a distant relative who leads a more prosperous life," said David Abraham, a professor at Miami Law School and an expert on custody law.
`` We may have the Disneylands and the Universal Studios and all the things that were dangled before the little boy 's eyes , '' Abraham added .	"Maybe we have Disneylands and Universal Studios and all those things dangling in front of the little boy's eyes," Abraham added.
With the political implications so strong , it 's unlikely the case of Elian Gonzalez will be closed quickly , said Richard Nuccio , a former Clinton administration Cuba adviser .	Given the political ramifications, the Elian Gonzalez case is unlikely to be concluded quickly, said Richard Nuccio, a former Cuba adviser to the Clinton administration.
`` With two members of Congress representing Elian 's family 's constituency , I do n't see how Elian could be returned by the federal government without it going through the court system , '' Nuccio said .	"Since two congressmen represent the district of Elian's family, I don't see how Elian could be sent back by the federal government without going through the court system," Nuccio said.
The New York Times says in an editorial on Thursday , Jan. 6 : & QL ;	The New York Times wrote in an editorial on Thursday, January 6:
The U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service made a reasonable decision Wednesday in ruling that Elian Gonzalez , the 6-year-old boy who survived an ill-fated migrant smuggling trip across the Florida Straits , should be reunited with his father back in Cuba .	The U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement made a sensible decision Wednesday when it ruled that Elian Gonzalez, the 6-year-old boy who survived an ill-fated smuggling trip across the Florida Strait, should be reunited with his father in Cuba.
The decision will inflame anti-Castro Cubans in Miami , but Doris Meissner , the INS commissioner , made it clear that the service had followed established policy in the case .	The decision will shake up anti-Castro Cubans in Miami, but INS commissioner Doris Meissner made it clear that the service had followed established policy in the case.
Moreover , by setting a Jan. 14 return date , the immigration service allowed Elian 's American relatives time to test the ruling in court .	In addition, by setting a return date of January 14, the Immigration Department has given Elian's American relatives time to review the ruling in court.
Elian was one of 13 Cubans who were trying to cross from Cuba to Florida six weeks ago on a 17-foot aluminum powerboat when it capsized .	Elian was one of 13 Cubans who tried to get from Cuba to Florida in a 17-foot aluminum motorboat six weeks ago when it capsized.
Ten of those on board died , including his mother and stepfather .	Ten people on board died, including his mother and stepfather.
The boy clung to an inner tube for two days and was plucked from the Atlantic on Thanksgiving Day and brought ashore .	The boy clung to a hose for two days and was pulled from the Atlantic Ocean and brought ashore on Thanksgiving Day.
He was immediately released into the custody of relatives in Miami _ and just as quickly embraced as a pawn in the poisonous estrangement between Fidel Castro 's regime and its opponents in exile .	He was immediately released into the care of relatives in Miami, and just as quickly embraced as a pawn in the toxic estrangement between Fidel Castro's regime and his exiled opponents.
This page has argued from the start that Elian not be denied due process because of his youth , and the INS appears to have moved carefully .	This side has argued from the outset that Elian should not be denied due process because of his youth, and the INS seems to have moved cautiously.
Elian 's great-uncle and other American relatives were allowed to make their case that he should have a life in Miami .	Elian's great-uncle and other American relatives were allowed to live in Miami.
The boy 's divorced father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , was also interviewed and satisfied the agency that he had a close and involved relationship with his son .	The boy's divorced father, Juan Miguel Gonzalez, was also interviewed and confirmed to the agency that he had a close and committed relationship with his son.
The mother 's parents also argued for a return to Cuba .	The mother's parents also spoke out in favor of returning to Cuba.
The INS decided that under their prevailing policies , Gonzalez met the test that calls for custody reverting to the sole surviving parent in such cases .	The INS ruled that Gonzlez passed the test, which in such cases requires the return of custody to the sole surviving parent, as part of its prevailing policy.
`` This little boy , who has been through so much , belongs with his father , '' Meissner said Wednesday , adding that `` the unique relationship between parent and child and family reunification has long been a cornerstone of both American immigration law and INS practice . ''	"This little boy who has been through so much belongs to his father," Meissner said Wednesday, adding, "The unique relationship between parent and child and family reunification has long been a cornerstone of both American immigration law and INS practice."
The White House quickly announced support for the decision .	The White House immediately announced support for the decision.
It is unclear how the political side of this affair will play out .	It is unclear how the political side of the affair will play out.
Elian 's relatives in Miami have indicated they plan to appeal , as is their right .	Elian's relatives in Miami have said they will appeal, which is their right.
Some of their more militant supporters in Miami , decrying the prospect that the boy will be used as a `` trophy '' by Castro , have indicated they may try to disrupt efforts to reunite Elian with his father .	Some of their more militant supporters in Miami, who dislike the prospect of the boy being used as a "trophy" by Castro, have hinted that they might try to disrupt efforts to reunite Elian with his father.
That would be treating the boy as a trophy in a diplomatic struggle that predates his birth by decades .	That would mean treating the boy like a trophy in a diplomatic battle that took place decades before he was born.
Good for Attorney General Janet Reno for the sensible opinion she rendered in the case of Elian Gonzalez .	Good for Attorney General Janet Reno for the reasonable opinion she gave in the Elian Gonzalez case.
Some semblance of constitutional order was necessary after a Miami judge turned legal logic on its head in an effort to route to her family court his Florida relatives ' appeal to keep the 6-year-old in the United States .	Some semblance of constitutional order was needed after a Miami judge turned legal logic on its head to refer his relatives in Florida's appeal to keep the six-year-old in the United States to their family court.
If the Immigration and Naturalization Service order that Elian must be returned to his father in Cuba is to be contested , Reno ruled correctly that the only proper venue is federal court , not state or local .	If the Immigration and Naturalization Department's order that Elian be returned to his father in Cuba is to be challenged, Reno has correctly ruled that the only appropriate jurisdiction is the federal court, not the state or municipality.
If and when the relatives ' appeal goes to federal court , chances of a favorable ruling are slim .	If the relatives appeal to the Federal Court, the chances of a positive verdict are slim.
First of all , the INS already has taken the position the only person who can petition for U.S. asylum for Elian is his father , which he is not about to do .	For starters, the INS has already taken the position that the only person who can ask for US asylum for Elian is his father, which he will not do.
Moreover , immigration law provides that asylum can only be granted where there is an imminent threat of torture or persecution in the petitioner 's homeland , which nobody expects in Elian 's case .	Furthermore, immigration law stipulates that asylum can only be granted if there is an immediate threat of torture or persecution in the applicant's home country, which no one expects in Elian's case.
It 's not enough to argue Elian may suffer privation or oppression in Fidel Castro 's failed Communist state .	It is not enough to argue that Elian could suffer deprivation or oppression in Fidel Castro's failed communist state.
The INS routinely sends prospective immigrants back to countries where poverty and tyranny are worse than in Cuba .	The INS routinely sends potential immigrants back to countries where poverty and tyranny are worse than in Cuba.
What matters most is that Elian , after losing his mother and stepfather in a disastrous sea voyage to the United States last November , needs the love and care of surviving family members who 've known him all his life _ his father and both sets of grandparents in Cuba .	Most importantly, after losing his mother and stepfather in a catastrophic sea voyage to the United States last November, Elian needs the love and care of surviving family members who have known him all his life - his father and both grandparents in Cuba.
True , they ca n't give him all the material things his Miami benefactors can , but there are intangibles in close family bonds that are more valuable than bicycles and trips to Disney World .	They may not give him all the material things his benefactors in Miami can, but there are intangibles in close family ties that are more valuable than bicycles and trips to Disney World.
The next order of business for the Justice Department and the INS is to resolve Elian 's case promptly .	The next item on the agenda for the Justice Department and the INS is to resolve Elian's case immediately.
They must n't countenance any delays by lawyers for his Miami relatives .	They must not tolerate delays by lawyers for his relatives in Miami.
Besides , the longer his return is put off , the greater the chance of interference by calculating congressmen playing to the anti-Castro lobby .	Moreover, the longer his return is delayed, the greater the likelihood of meddling by calculating members of Congress playing into the hands of the anti-Castro lobby.
Already one grandstanding Indiana Republican has subpoenaed Elian to testify before a House panel , and others in the Senate are preparing to vote the boy U.S. citizenship .	A prominent Indiana Republican has already called on Elian to testify before a House committee, and others in the Senate are preparing to grant the boy US citizenship.
Both ploys are intended to thwart his reunion with his father .	Both tricks are intended to thwart his reunion with his father.
The Justice Department and the INS must n't allow the opportunists of Capitol Hill to get their hooks into Elian .	The Justice Department and the INS must not allow Capitol Hill opportunists to cling to Elian.
The angry crowd rushed at Manuel Gonzalez as he stepped out of Miami 's federal courthouse , shaking fists at him and shouting in Spanish , `` communista '' and `` traitor . ''	The angry crowd stormed toward Manuel Gonzalez as he left the Miami courthouse, shaking his fists and shouting "communist" and "traitor" in Spanish.
But the great-uncle of 6-year-old shipwreck survivor rafter Elian Gonzalez only ducked his head and walked faster .	But the great uncle of the 6-year-old survivor of the shipwreck, rafter Elian Gonzlez, just shook his head and walked faster.
In a drama that has divided his once close-knit family and may finally be resolved in a court hearing the week of March 6 , Manuel Gonzalez , 59 , a soft-spoken bus mechanic , has remained largely out of the glare of television lights .	Manuel Gonzlez, 59, a quiet bus mechanic, has largely disappeared from the glare of television in a drama that has divided his once close family and could finally be resolved in a court hearing the week of March 6.
He was thrust into the middle of the swirling Gonzalez family saga when Elian 's father , Juan Miguel , sent a letter to U.S. Attorney Janet Reno asking that his son be moved to Manuel Gonzalez 's home .	He found himself in the middle of the swirling Gonzlez family saga when Elian's father, Juan Miguel, sent a letter to U.S. Attorney Janet Reno asking for his son to be moved to Manuel Gonzlez's house.
Alone among his two brothers and two sisters who have fled Cuba for Miami , Manuel Gonzalez believes Elian should go back to Cuba to live with his father .	Alone among his two brothers and two sisters who fled Cuba for Miami, Manuel Gonzalez believes Elian should return to Cuba to live with his father.
Reno denied the request , but Manuel Gonzalez did n't back down .	Reno rejected the request, but Manuel Gonzalez did not relent.
In a town where expressing even the slightest approval for Cuban President Fidel Castro can prompt threats of physical harm , Manuel Gonzalez filed a motion in federal court asking for custody of Elian so that he could help reunite the boy with his father in Cuba .	In a city where even the slightest endorsement of Cuban President Fidel Castro can trigger threats of physical violence, Manuel Gonzlez filed a motion in federal court seeking custody of Elian so that he could help reunite the boy with his father in Cuba.
It was a move that many see as courageous and principled , but others fear may be foolhardy .	It was a move seen by many as bold and principled, but others fear it could be foolish.
`` I have lost a son , '' Gonzalez told reporters later , referring to his own son 's death due to cancer .	"I lost a son," Gonzalez later told reporters, alluding to his own son's cancer death.
`` I am supporting Juan Miguel because I know what it is to lose a son .	< p > I support Juan Miguel because I know what it means to lose a son.
His sincerity did n't stop the talk on Little Havana 's streets or on Miami 's ubiquitous Spanish-language radio stations , which buzzed with callers lambasting Gonzalez for playing into the hands of a tyrant .	His sincerity did not stop the chatter on the streets of Little Havana or on Miami's ubiquitous Spanish-language radio stations, where callers berated Gonzlez for playing into the hands of a tyrant.
A day after he was hounded on the steps of the federal courthouse , Manuel Gonzalez would n't come to the door of his modest home in Miami 's Little Havana .	A day after being chased on the steps of the federal courthouse, Manuel Gonzalez did not come to the door of his modest home in Miami's Little Havana.
`` He must go to work , '' said his daughter , Rosa , who said Gonzalez would prefer not to talk about the issue .	"He needs to go to work," said his daughter, Rosa, who said Gonzalez would prefer not to talk about the issue.
After weeks of high-profile public sparring _ with charges of abuse , spying and treachery flying back and forth across the Florida Straits _ it would seem the chances are slim that the Gonzalez family could ever heal the wounds created by the Elian saga .	After weeks of high-profile sparring with allegations of abuse, spying, and betrayal flying back and forth across the Florida Straits, the chances that the Gonzalez family could ever heal the wounds inflicted by the Elian saga seem slim.
But the family has overcome steep obstacles before .	But the family has overcome steep obstacles before.
Long before Elian thrust them into the unrelenting glare of the international spotlight , the Gonzalez clan was a typical example of the conflicts and painful separations wrought by the Cuban revolution .	Long before Elian thrust them into the relentless glare of the international spotlight, the Gonzlez clan was a typical example of the conflicts and painful divisions that the Cuban Revolution created.
Of the nine brothers and sisters of Manuel 's generation , five have come to Miami , while three remain in Cuba and one has passed away .	Of the nine brothers and sisters of the Manuel generation, five have come to Miami, while three remain in Cuba and one has died.
According to press reports , Caridad Gonzalez , the oldest sister , was the first to come to the United States , arriving in 1966 .	According to press reports, Caridad Gonzlez, the eldest sister, was the first to come to the United States in 1966.
Her brother Delfin , who was imprisoned as an anti-Castro activist in the 1960s , followed in 1979 .	Her brother Delfin, who was imprisoned as an anti-Castro activist in the 1960s, followed in 1979.
Then came another sister , Georgina , in 1983 , followed by Manuel and Lazaro in 1984 .	Then came another sister, Georgina, in 1983, followed by Manuel and Lazaro in 1984.
Of those who stayed in Cuba , Juan Miguel 's father , Juan Gonzalez , seems the most closely allied with the Cuban government .	Of those who remained in Cuba, Juan Miguel's father, Juan Gonzalez, appears to be the Cuban government's closest ally.
He worked as a police officer in a Cuban ministry , a position that probably helped his son _ Elian 's father _ get a job in the Communist island 's increasingly lucrative tourism industry .	He worked as a police officer in a Cuban ministry, a position that probably helped his son Elian's father get a job in the communist island's increasingly lucrative tourism industry.
The family 's experience is like that of thousands of others now split between Miami and Cuba , said Damien Fernandez , a Cuban-American political scientist at Florida International University .	The family's experience is similar to that of thousands of others now split between Miami and Cuba, said Damien Fernandez, a Cuban-American political scientist at Florida International University.
`` Cubans value their families above almost anything , but the post-1959 politics have managed to split thousands of families apart , '' he said .	"Cubans value their families above almost anything else, but politics after 1959 has managed to divide thousands of families," he said.
For decades , Cuban Americans in Miami were largely cut off from the families they left behind .	For decades, Cuban-Americans in Miami were largely cut off from the families they left behind.
Labeled `` worms '' and `` traitors '' by Castro , many were n't able to speak to _ much less visit _ their relatives for years .	Labeled "worms" and "traitors" by Castro, many have been unable to speak to their relatives, let alone visit them, for years.
The situation began to relax in the early 1990s , with the crisis triggered by the end of the former Soviet Union 's subsidies .	The situation eased in the early 1990s, when the crisis was triggered by the end of subsidies from the former Soviet Union.
In desperate need of hard currency , Castro relaxed travel restrictions and allowed Cubans to have U.S. dollars , triggering a trickle of cash from Miami that soon became a flood .	Desperate for hard currency, Castro eased travel restrictions and allowed Cubans to own US dollars, triggering a flow of cash from Miami that soon became a flood.
By some estimates , the 700,000 Cubans living in South Florida _ and elsewhere in the United States _ send $1 billion a year in remittances back to their families on the island .	By some estimates, the 700,000 Cubans living in South Florida and elsewhere in the United States send $1 billion a year in remittances to their families on the island.
`` The Miami families have become a lifeline , and since 1990 there has been a great trend toward reconciliation , '' said Florida International 's Fernandez .	"Families in Miami have become a lifeline, and there's been a big trend toward reconciliation since 1990," said Fernandez of Florida International.
`` Although many families are still divided by politics , they have learned to forgive and forget and find common ground . ''	"Although many families are still divided by politics, they have learned to forgive and forget and find common ground."
The branches of the family regularly talked by telephone and the Miami relatives went back to Cuba for several family reunions .	Branches of the family made regular phone calls, and relatives from Miami returned to Cuba for several family reunions.
But Elian 's case has broken down the family 's fragile truce , with their political differences exacerbated by the inflammatory rhetoric flying between Castro 's government and exile extremists in Miami .	But Elian's case has shattered the family's fragile truce, and their political differences have been exacerbated by inflammatory rhetoric between Castro's government and exiled extremists in Miami.
After making his opinions known , Manuel Gonzalez reportedly was ostracized by his Miami kin , especially Lazaro , who has been keeping Elian and who has gone to court to try to keep the boy here .	After expressing his opinion, Manuel Gonzalez was reportedly ostracized by his relatives in Miami, especially Lazaro, who kept Elian and went to court to try to keep the boy here.
The day before last Tuesday 's federal court hearing , Manuel went to Lazaro 's home to try to work out their differences .	The day before the federal court hearing last Tuesday, Manuel went to Lazaro's house to try to resolve their differences.
Neither side would say what happened , but when Manuel returned to his house , he was so upset he felt heart palpitations and was taken to a hospital .	Neither side wanted to say what had happened, but when Manuel returned to his house, he was so upset that he felt palpitations and was taken to a hospital.
He was soon released and appeared to be reasonably healthy when he appeared in court the next morning .	He was soon released and seemed reasonably healthy when he appeared in court the next morning.
But while Cuban exiles outside the courthouse cheered Lazaro and his family , their angry taunts seemed to shock Manuel .	But as exiled Cubans cheered Lazaro and his family outside the courthouse, their angry jabs seemed to shock Manuel.
His lawyer , however , insists he will continue to stand up for what he thinks is right .	But his lawyer insists he will continue to stand up for what he believes is right.
`` He 's a strong man , '' said Jeffrey Leving .	"He's a strong man," Jeffrey Leving said.
`` He wo n't let anyone intimidate him from doing what is in Elian 's best interests . ''	'He's not intimidated by anyone to do what's in Elian's best interests. '
To his credit , Lazaro Gonzalez has issued a statement asking Miami 's exiles to respect his brother 's opinions .	To his credit, Lazaro Gonzalez issued a statement urging the exiles in Miami to respect his brother's views.
Manuel Gonzalez has told reporters that he believes his family will recover _ at least partially _ from the divisions Elian 's case has brought .	Manuel Gonzalez told reporters he believes his family will recover "at least in part" from the divisions that Elian's case has brought.
`` The wounds of the problem will heal , '' he told the Los Angeles Times newspaper .	"The wounds of the problem will heal," he told the Los Angeles Times newspaper.
Elected officials in and around Miami warned U.S. immigration officials Wednesday that they should expect little help from the police here when they come for 6-year-old Elian Gonzalez , and they said this city could erupt in violence if federal agents tried to forcibly take the boy from his great-uncle 's house in Little Havana and send him back to Cuba .	Elected officials in and around Miami warned U.S. immigration officials on Wednesday that they should expect little help from police when they arrive for 6-year-old Elian Gonzalez, and they said the city could erupt into violence if federal agents try to forcibly remove the boy from his great-uncle's home in Little Havana and send him back to Cuba.
`` We will not lend our respective resources , whether they be in the form of police officers or any other resources , to assist the federal government in any way , shape or form to inappropriately repatriate Elian Gonzalez to Cuba , '' said Alex Penelas , mayor of Miami-Dade County .	"We will not provide our respective resources, whether in the form of police officers or other resources, to assist the federal government in any way, shape or form in bringing Elian Gonzalez back to Cuba inappropriately," Miami-Dade County Mayor Alex Penelas said.
As of Wednesday evening , Lazaro Gonzalez , the boy 's great-uncle and temporary guardian , still had not signed an agreement to hand the child over to immigration officials if the Miami relatives lose a fight to keep him when the case is heard in May in the 11th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals .	As of Wednesday evening, Lazaro Gonzalez, the boy's great-uncle and provisional guardian, had still not signed an agreement to turn the child over to immigration authorities if relatives in Miami lose a fight to keep him when the case is heard in the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in May.
`` I wo n't cooperate in anything , '' Gonzalez told a Spanish-language television station .	"I'm not cooperating in anything," Gonzalez told a Spanish-language television station.
`` The boy lives in my house , and they 'll have to go find him there . ''	'The boy lives in my house and they've got to find him there. '
As pressure built in this city , the home of a large number of Cuban exiles , officials of the Immigration and Naturalization Service said they did not plan to remove Elian on Thursday morning even if his Miami relatives continued to defy them .	As pressure built in this city, home to a large number of exiled Cubans, immigration and naturalization officials said they did not plan to remove Elian on Thursday morning, even if his relatives in Miami continued to defy them.
But an INS spokeswoman said the agency would revoke Elian 's permission to stay in the United States , clearing the way for his return to Cuba .	However, an INS spokeswoman said the agency would revoke Elian's residency permit in the United States, clearing the way for his return to Cuba.
In Havana , Cuban President Fidel Castro said that the boy 's father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , would travel to the United States to bring his son home after the custody battle has been decided in the courts .	Cuban President Fidel Castro said in Havana that the boy's father, Juan Miguel Gonzalez, would travel to the United States to bring his son home following the court's decision on custody.
Elian 's father would be accompanied by other family members from Cuba , some of the boy 's former classmates and teachers , and psychiatric experts , Castro said on Cuban television .	Elian's father was accompanied by other family members from Cuba, some of the boy's former classmates and teachers, as well as psychiatric experts, Castro said on Cuban television.
`` We have the perfect formula for reinserting Elian , '' Castro said .	"We have the perfect formula to reinstate Elian," Castro said.
He also said that the group would be willing to wait as long as it takes to bring the boy back .	He also said the group would be willing to wait as long as it takes to bring the boy back.
Asked to comment on Castro 's announcement , a Justice Department spokesman said :	A Justice Department spokesman declined to comment on Castro's announcement, saying:
`` Certainly it changes things .	Certainly, it changes things.
How it changes things is a little hard to say at this point .	How it changes things is a little hard to say at this point.
If the father shows up in Miami and decides to go and ring the doorbell of his relatives and find his son , well , the family in Miami is on record as saying they would turn over Elian to him .	If the father turns up in Miami and decides to ring his relatives and find his son, well, the family in Miami has put on record that they would hand Elian over to him.
Whether they actually do this remains to be seen . ''	Whether they actually do that remains to be seen. "
Even miles away from sign-waving demonstrators who keep vigil outside the tiny house in Little Havana where Elian Gonzalez lives with his great-uncle , talk about the standoff between Elian 's Miami relatives and Immigration and Naturalization Service officials pours hot and quick from coffee stands on Calle Ocho and any other place Cuban Americans gather .	Even miles away from the waving protesters who stand guard outside the tiny house in Little Havana where Elian Gonzlez lives with his great-uncle, they talk about the standoff between Elian's relatives in Miami and immigration and naturalization officials, who stream hot and fast from the coffee stands on Calle Ocho and every other place where Cuban Americans gather.
In rapid-fire Spanish , so fast that even people who learned the language in other Hispanic cultures can have trouble keeping up , they villify Attorney General Janet Reno , President Clinton and others who want to send the child back to his father in Cuba .	In fast-paced Spanish, so fast that even people who have learned the language in other Hispanic cultures struggle to keep up, they berate Attorney General Janet Reno, President Clinton, and others who want to send the child back to his father in Cuba.
And they question _ or ridicule _ news that the boy 's father is planning to come here to retrieve his son .	And they question or mock the news that the boy's father is planning to come here to get his son.
It is a Communist plot hatched by the hated dictator , Fidel Castro , they say .	It's a communist plot hatched by the hated dictator Fidel Castro, they say.
If you are not Cuban , they said , you just would not understand .	If you're not Cuban, they said, you just wouldn't understand.
`` If it were n't Cuba , the child should go to be with his father , '' said Delfina Miranda , 49 , who works at a beauty salon in Little Havana .	"If it wasn't Cuba, the child would have to go to his father," said Delfina Miranda, 49, who works at a beauty salon in Little Havana.
That kid will get nothing in Cuba .	This child will get nothing in Cuba.
Over and over , Cuban Americans said that outsiders who did not suffer under the Castro regime simply could not understand their passions in the Elian standoff .	Time and again, Cuban Americans said that outsiders who had not suffered under the Castro regime simply could not understand their passions in the standoff.
As talk on the streets swirled , talks between lawyers for Elian 's Miami relatives and government officials crept to an uneventful close .	Talks between lawyers for Elian's relatives in Miami and government officials ended without result.
U.S. Immigration officials postponed until Tuesday morning any action on revoking the boy 's temporary permission to stay in the United States , which would allow federal officials to , ultimately , take the boy from his relatives ' house and eventually return him to Cuba .	US immigration authorities have postponed until Tuesday morning any action to revoke the boy's temporary residence permit in the United States, which would allow federal officials to eventually remove the boy from his relatives' home and eventually return him to Cuba.
`` Like the family , we are monitoring developments concerning the possible arrival of ( Elian 's father ) Juan Miguel Gonzalez in the United States , '' said Robert Wallis , INS director for the Miami district .	"Like the family, we are following developments regarding the possible arrival of (Elian's father) Juan Miguel Gonzalez in the United States," said Robert Wallis, INS director for Miami County.
Government officials had threatened to revoke the boy 's parole if his great-uncle , Lazaro Gonzalez , did not sign a document agreeing to hand Elian over to federal officials once the family 's appeal in the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals was decided .	Government officials had threatened to rescind the boy's parole if his great uncle Lazaro Gonzalez did not sign a document agreeing to extradite Elian to federal officials once the family's appeal to the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals is decided.
But that standoff became less important in the eyes of Cuban Americans here after Castro announced Wednesday that the boy 's father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , is ready to travel to the United States to take his son home .	But the standoff became less significant in the eyes of Cuban Americans after Castro announced Wednesday that the boy's father, Juan Miguel Gonzalez, was willing to travel to the United States to take his son home.
Gonzalez 's lawyer , Greg Craig , asked for a visa Thursday for his client for the expected visit , but was told by U.S. State Department officials that Gonzalez himself had to apply for the visa at the U.S. diplomatic mission in Havana .	Gonzalez's lawyer Greg Craig applied Thursday for a visa for his client for the expected visit, but was told by State Department officials that Gonzalez himself would have to apply for the visa at the U.S. diplomatic mission in Havana.
`` Juan Miguel Gonzalez is ready at a moment 's notice to come to the United States , '' said Craig .	"Juan Miguel Gonzalez is ready to come to the United States immediately," Craig said.
But in Miami , many Cuban Americans said Castro is orchestrating the visit .	But in Miami, many Cuban Americans said Castro staged the visit.
Castro said Gonzalez would travel with his current wife and their son , a top government official , doctors , nurses , psychiatrists , Elian 's Cuban kindergarten teacher , classmates and his old school desk.A list of 31 people issued by the Cuban government Thursday included Ricardo Alarcon , president of Cuba 's National Assembly .	Castro said Gonzalez would travel with his current wife and son, a senior government official, doctors, nurses, psychiatrists, Elian's Cuban kindergarten teacher, classmates and his old school desk. Ricardo Alarcon, president of the Cuban National Assembly, was also on a list of 31 people released by the Cuban government on Thursday.
Castro has suggested that Elian and his relatives stay at the residence of Cuba 's chief diplomat in Washington .	Castro has suggested that Elian and his relatives stay at the residence of Cuba's chief diplomat in Washington.
Hidden in the entourage , cautioned Cuban Americans here , will be Cuban security agents who will make sure that Gonzalez _ and everyone else , for that matter _ does not defect .	Hidden in the entourage, Cuban Americans here warned, Cuban security officials will make sure Gonzalez and everyone else make no mistake.
`` They are coming with everyone , including psychologists , '' said Armando Sanjurjo , 73 .	"They come with everyone, including psychologists," said Armando Sanjurjo, 73.
`` You know why ?	< p > Do you know why?
To give Elian an injection and take him back to Cuba . ''	To give Elian an an injection and bring him back to Cuba. "
Sanjurjo , sipping a cafecito in front of Versailles restaurant , the nerve center for Cuban political discussions here in Little Havana , is convinced , like many others here , the entourage is designed to prevent any defections .	Sipping from a cafecito in front of the Versailles restaurant, the nerve center of Cuban political debate here in Little Havana, Sanjurjo, like many here, is convinced that the entourage is designed to prevent defections.
`` He 's coming with an entire court of people ?	He comes with an entire court?
What 's that about ? '' said Angela Esparragera , 71 .	What is it about? "said Angela Esparragera, 71.
Miranda said Elian 's father will be `` a virtual prisoner here if he comes with all those people .	Miranda said Elian's father is "a virtual prisoner here when he comes with all these people."
He 'll be surrounded by people if he goes to the bathroom . ''	He "will be surrounded by people when he goes to the toilet."
Gloria Estefan , the wildly popular singer of Cuban descent who has become an entertainment and cultural icon , was also suspicious of this visit .	Gloria Estefan, the hugely popular singer of Cuban descent who has become an entertainment and cultural icon, was also suspicious of the visit.
`` If in fact , Elian 's father is permitted by the dictatorship of Fidel Castro to come to the United States , then , as a Cuban American , I welcome him and urge him to make all his decisions based on the well being and best interest of his son , and not that of the Cuban government , '' Estefan said .	'If Estefan's father is indeed allowed to come to the United States from Fidel Castro's dictatorship, then I salute him as a Cuban American and urge him to make all his decisions based on the well-being and best interests of his son, not the Cuban government, 'Estefan said.
All week , elected officials in Washington , D.C. , and at the state capital in Tallahassee have issued statement of support for Elian 's Miami relatives , even Vice President Al Gore , breaking from his own administration 's stand .	Throughout the week, elected officials in Washington, D.C., and in the state capital of Tallahassee have issued statements of support for Elian's relatives in Miami, even Vice President Al Gore breaking with his own administration's position.
In Miami-Dade County , elected officials went as far as to say they their police departments would have no role in taking the boy from the house .	In Miami-Dade County, elected officials went so far as to say their police departments would play no role in getting the boy out of the house.
`` Send him back , '' said Marsha Raeber , 47 , an airline employee .	"Send him back," said Marsha Raeber, 47, an airline employee.
Some people are born rich , some people are born poor .	Some people are born rich, others poor.
Who 's to say that he 's better off at Disney World and eating fast food here instead if breathing the fresh air of Cuba . ''	Who's to say he's better off at Disney World and eats fast food here instead when he's breathing the fresh air of Cuba? '
Eric Pichardo , 44 , is from Nicaragua , and said the Cuban-Americans `` need to follow the law .	Eric Pichardo, 44, a native of Nicaragua, said Cubans must abide by the law.
Not all Cuban-Americans insist that Elian be allowed to stay .	Not all Cubans insist that Elian be allowed to stay.
Diana de Cardenas , 33 , was born in Cuba in 1984 .	Diana de Cardenas, 33, was born in Cuba in 1984.
`` I think he deserves to be with his father , '' she said .	"I think he deserves to be with his father," she said.
`` It would be ideal if his father came , '' and then stayed , in Miami .	"It would be ideal if his father came" and then stayed in Miami.
With a tense Miami waiting , federal immigration officials said Monday they will order the Miami relatives of 6-year-old Cuban rafter Elian Gonzalez to turn the boy over to his father , who could come to the U.S. from Cuba as early as Tuesday .	Faced with the tense wait in Miami, immigration authorities announced Monday that they will instruct relatives of 6-year-old Cuban rafter Elian Gonzalez in Miami to hand the boy over to his father, who could come to the United States from Cuba as early as Tuesday.
`` Our goal is to reunite Elian and his father , '' said Maria Cardona , a spokeswoman for the U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service .	"Our goal is to reunite Elian and his father," said Maria Cardona, a spokeswoman for the U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service.
`` The issue is not whether we will transfer Elian to his father , but when and how . ''	"The question is not whether we hand Elian over to his father, but when and how."
Late Monday , U.S. State Department officials said that travel visas had been approved for Elian 's father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , his immediate family and three other people _ a pediatrician , a psychologist and one of Elian 's favorite cousins .	Late Monday, State Department officials announced that travel visas had been approved for Elian's father, Juan Miguel Gonzalez, his immediate family and three others - a pediatrician, a psychologist and one of Elian's favorite cousins.
The group might come to the U.S. as soon as Tuesday , according to unconfirmed media reports .	According to unconfirmed media reports, the group could arrive in the US as early as Tuesday.
But Miami 's volatile Cuban exiles continued to vow they would block any attempt to take Elian from the Little Havana home where he has been living with his Miami relatives , with some predicting bloodshed if federal agents come for the boy .	But Miami's fugitive Cuban exiles continued to vow to block any attempt to bring Elian home from tiny Havana, where he lives with relatives in Miami, with some predicting bloodshed if federal agents arrived for the boy.
`` There will be thousands here to stop it if they come for him , '' said Ana Bonnin , one of about 100 exiles who practiced forming a human chain outside the home Monday .	"There will be thousands here to stop him when they come for him," said Ana Bonnin, one of about 100 exiles who practiced forming a human chain outside the house on Monday.
`` We 'll try to do it peacefully , but you can only do so much .	We will try to make it peaceful, but there is only so much you can do.
You ca n't control everybody . ''	You can't control everyone. ""
Late in the day , lawyers for Elian 's Miami family emerged from their third day-long meeting with federal officials , but said little .	Late in the day, lawyers for Elian's family arrived in Miami from their third one-day meeting with federal officials, but said little.
`` We continue to be very concerned about the mental and psychological well-being of this 6-year-old , '' said Manny Diaz , one of the family 's attorneys .	"We remain very concerned about the mental and physical well-being of this six-year-old," said Manny Diaz, one of the family's lawyers.
`` To that end , we 'll be back tomorrow to continue our negotiations . ''	"We will be back tomorrow to continue our negotiations," he said.
It was not clear whether the Gonzalez family would come to Miami to get Elian or if instead they would travel to Washington , D.C .	It was not clear if the Gonzalez family would come to Miami to pick up Elian, or if they would travel to Washington, D.C. instead.
Cuban President Fidel Castro has said they would live in the home of a Cuban diplomat in the Washington area until the court case surrounding Elian 's fate is resolved .	Cuban President Fidel Castro has said they will live in the house of a Cuban diplomat in the Washington area until the court case over Elian's fate is decided.
Visas for the entourage of more than 20 teachers , classmates and others _ including Ricardo Alarcon , Cuban National Assembly president _ that Castro wants to accompany the family were not yet approved , officials said .	Visas for the entourage of more than 20 teachers, classmates and others - including Ricardo Alarcon, president of the Cuban National Assembly - whom Castro plans to accompany with his family have not yet been approved, officials said.
The rush of events caps a four-month ordeal that has seen Elian catapulted into the center an international tug-of-war .	The flurry of events ends a four-month ordeal that has catapulted Elian into the center of an international tug of war.
He was found floating in an inner-tube off the Florida coast on Thanksgiving Day after a boat carrying him from Cuba sank .	He was found floating in a hose off the Florida coast on Thanksgiving Day after a boat with him on board sank off Cuba.
Federal officials placed him with his Miami relatives , but kept custody over him .	Federal agents placed him with relatives in Miami but kept him in custody.
In January , Immigration and Naturalization Service Commissioner Doris Meissner ruled that Elian should go back to Cuba , a decision upheld by U.S. Attorney General Janet Reno .	In January, Immigration and Naturalization Commissioner Doris Meissner ruled that Elian should return to Cuba, a decision that was upheld by U.S. Attorney Janet Reno.
The Miami relatives filed a federal lawsuit to overturn the decision , but in March a Miami federal judge ruled against them .	Relatives in Miami filed a federal lawsuit to overturn the decision, but a federal judge in Miami ruled against them in March.
They immediately appealed to the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals in Atlanta .	They immediately appealed to the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals in Atlanta.
Legal experts and federal officials maintain that Reno can allow the boy to be sent back to Cuba before the appeal is heard .	Legal experts and federal officials say Reno could allow the boy to be sent back to Cuba before the appeal is heard.
Last week , federal officials sought to have the family must sign an agreement to turn the boy over voluntarily should they lose their appeal .	Last week, federal officials wanted the family to sign an agreement to voluntarily extradite the boy if they lose their appeal.
If the family refused , INS had threatened to revoke Elian 's parole , meaning federal officials would take him from the Miami family .	If the family refused, INS had threatened to rescind Elian's parole, meaning federal agents would remove him from the family in Miami.
The family refused to sign the agreement through two days of negotiations , and INS extended its deadline until 9 a.m. EST Tuesday .	The family refused to sign the agreement after two days of negotiations, and INS extended its deadline until 9am EST on Tuesday.
The terms of the talks changed dramatically , however , when Castro announced last Wednesday that the boy 's father was ready to travel to the United States .	But the terms of the talks changed dramatically when Castro announced last Wednesday that the boy's father was ready to travel to the United States.
Previously , Gonzalez had said he would never come here to get his son .	Earlier, Gonzalez had said he would never come here to get his son.
Over the weekend , lawyers for the family raised accusations that Juan Miguel Gonzalez had mistreated his son in telephone conversations , saying he had told the boy that his mother was alive and waiting for him in Cuba .	Over the weekend, lawyers for the family made allegations that Juan Miguel Gonzalez abused his son in phone calls, saying he told the boy that his mother was alive and waiting for him in Cuba.
But by Monday , federal officials hardened their negotiating stance , insisting the boy would be turned over to his father once the Cuban group arrives in the United States .	But on Monday, federal officials hardened their bargaining position, insisting that the boy would be handed over to his father once the Cuban group arrives in the United States.
Moves to keep Elian in this country through federal legislation appear to be stymied , as most lawmakers seem to agree the boy should go back to Cuba .	Efforts to keep Elian in this country through federal legislation appear to be thwarted, as most lawmakers seem to agree that the boy should return to Cuba.
A new ABC News-Washington Post opinion poll shows that 6 of 10 Americans also believe the boy should go home with his father .	A new ABC News / Washington Post poll shows that 6 in 10 Americans agree that the boy should go home with his father.
But in Miami , Cuban exiles insist the majority of Americans do n't understand the dynamics of life in Cuba .	But in Miami, exiled Cubans insist that the majority of Americans do not understand the dynamics of life in Cuba.
Just how far they are willing to go to prove their point remains to be seen .	How far they are prepared to go to prove their point remains to be seen.
`` If he goes back , he wo n't be with his real father , '' said Elias Hernandez , who joined the crowd outside the Little Havana home of Elian 's Miami relatives .	"When he comes back, he won't be with his real father," said Elias Hernandez, who mingled with the crowd outside the home of Elian's relatives in Miami.
The New York Times said in an editorial on Thursday , April 6 :	The New York Times wrote in an editorial on Thursday, April 6:
Juan Miguel Gonzalez has made the right decision to travel to the United States on Thursday to affirm his desire to be reunited with his son , Elian .	Juan Miguel Gonzalez made the right decision to travel to the United States on Thursday to reaffirm his desire to be reunited with his son Elian.
His presence on American soil is necessary to dispel doubts about his fitness as a father _ raised maliciously by Elian 's Miami relatives _ and to end speculation that he is indifferent about reclaiming custody of his son .	His presence on American soil is necessary to dispel doubts about his suitability as a father raised maliciously by Elian's relatives in Miami, and to end speculation that he is indifferent to reclaiming custody of his son.
With Gonzalez all but out of sight in Cuba , the relatives have had a free hand to distort the case with bogus legal arguments and unsubstantiated claims that Elian is afraid to see his father .	Since Gonzlez is virtually out of sight in Cuba, relatives have been free to distort the case with bogus legal arguments and unsubstantiated claims that Elian is afraid to see his father.
Once Gonzalez comes to the United States _ it would be preferable if he went to Miami rather than to Washington _ only the most obdurate foes of Castro can argue that Elian should not be reunited with him .	As soon as Gonzlez comes to the United States, it would be better if he went to Miami instead of Washington. Only Castro's staunchest enemies can argue that Elian should not be reunited with him.
Gonzalez 's arrival should also help clear the way for the Justice Department to make arrangements to transfer custody of the child .	Gonzalez's arrival should also help clear the way for the Justice Department to make arrangements to transfer custody of the child.
The Miami relatives have left unclear whether they will willingly relinquish custody of Elian , and have done their best to stir passions against the Justice Department among Cuban-Americans in South Florida .	Relatives in Miami have left open whether they will voluntarily surrender custody of Elian, and have done their best to stoke emotions against the Justice Department among Cuban-Americans in South Florida.
In hopes of trumping the law , they have unreasonably demanded that a panel of child psychologists determine Elian 's fate .	Hoping to trump the law, they have unreasonably demanded that a panel of child psychologists decide Elian's fate.
The best outcome would be for the relatives to turn Elian over to his father as soon as Gonzalez arrives , and to do so in a spirit of kinship that makes the transition as smooth as possible for Elian .	The best outcome would be for the relatives to hand Elian over to his father as soon as Gonzlez arrives, in a spirit of kinship that makes Elian's transition as smooth as possible.
Once that happens , Gonzalez and Elian , though technically free to return to Cuba , should remain here to await an appellate court ruling on the case , which is expected next month .	Once that happens, Gonzlez and Elian, though technically free to return to Cuba, should remain here to await a decision by the appeals court on the case, which is expected next month.
But if the relatives balk , the Justice Department should quickly revoke their custody of the child and obtain a federal court order instructing them and their lawyers to turn Elian over to his father .	But if the relatives balk, the Justice Department should quickly strip them of custody of the child and seek a federal court order ordering them and their lawyers to extradite Elian to his father.
The relatives may be less defiant if they are held in contempt of court .	Relatives may be less defiant when they are brought to justice.
If a court edict fails to compel compliance , the Justice Department will have to consider sterner measures , for the relatives will then be resisting the rule of law as defined by both the department and the courts .	If a court order does not enforce compliance, the Ministry of Justice will have to consider stricter measures, because relatives will then oppose the rule of law as defined by both the ministry and the courts.
But Washington ought not to rush to take Elian forcibly from the relatives .	But Washington should not rush to forcibly remove Elian from relatives.
That course would be psychologically wounding to the boy , and could lead to a violent confrontation with demonstrators who gather daily outside the relatives ' home .	This course would psychologically hurt the boy and could lead to a violent confrontation with demonstrators who gather daily in front of the relatives "house.
The government yields none of its legal or moral authority in the case if it gives the relatives and their supporters time to reflect and to look for a gentler resolution .	In this case, the government is not relinquishing its legal or moral authority by giving relatives and supporters time to reflect and seek a softer solution.
As a matter of law , compassion and common sense , the government is entitled to reunite Elian with his father , and it has the power to enforce that right , despite the bluster of Miami 's demagogic political leaders .	For reasons of law, compassion, and common sense, the government has the right to reunite Elian with his father, and it has the power to enforce that right, despite the bluster of Miami's demagogic political leaders.
But for now , everyone involved should be searching for an amicable ending .	But for now, all parties should seek an amicable end.
Juan Gonzalez is doing his part by making the short journey across the Florida Straits to erase any question about his love for his son .	Juan Gonzlez does his part by making the short journey across the Florida Strait to erase any question about his love for his son.
No Cuban flags sway from its door and no political signs pushing for the case of young Elian Gonzalez hang from its windows .	There are no Cuban flags flying at his door, and no political signs urging the fall of the young Elian Gonzlez hang on his windows.
And while she maintains a distance between herself and the heated rhetoric and politics that envelop Miami , Friday she had definite opinions on the case of the 6-year-old Cuban boy that has dominated the city for almost five months now .	And while keeping her distance from the heated rhetoric and politics that envelop Miami, she had a clear view on Friday on the case of the 6-year-old Cuban boy who has ruled the city for nearly five months.
`` I feel for this child , '' Juanita Castro said .	"I feel for this child," Juanita Castro said.
`` This has become too politicized , in both Cuba and Miami , and too many people are profiting from this tragedy .	In both Cuba and Miami, this is too politicized, and too many people are benefiting from this tragedy.
I think people have forgotten that this is a human issue . ''	I think people have forgotten that this is a human issue. ""
Juanita Castro , who arrived in Miami in 1961 , believes the custody of the child should be worked out between his family members .	Juanita Castro, who arrived in Miami in 1961, believes custody of the child should be settled between family members.
She is not certain whether the boy should stay in the United States , but she feels that since he 's been here so long , he should be afforded the opportunity to live in a free country .	She is not sure whether the boy should stay in the United States, but she believes that since he has been here so long, he should be given the opportunity to live in a free country.
When asked if she thought the boy 's father , Juan Miguel Gonzalez , was being controlled by the Cuban government even though he has been in Bethesda , Md. , for the last week , she frowned .	Asked if she believed the boy's father, Juan Miguel Gonzalez, was controlled by the Cuban government even though he had been in Bethesda, Md., for a week, she frowned.
`` I do n't know what Juan Miguel thinks or believes , '' Juanita Castro said .	"I don't know what Juan Miguel thinks or believes," Juanita Castro said.
`` What I do think is that he should have arrived in this country at least 72 hours after his son was found floating off the coast of Fort Lauderdale . ''	"What I think is that he should have arrived in this country at least 72 hours after his son was found floating off the coast of Fort Lauderdale," he said.
`` This has gone too far .	This has gone too far.
And it 's now become a tragedy . ''	And now it's become a tragedy. '
Dressed in a dark pink blazer and cream color pants , the sister of the Cuban dictator walked around the pharmacy talking warmly with her customers .	Wearing a dark pink blazer and cream trousers, the Cuban dictator's sister walked through the pharmacy and chatted warmly with her customers.
She said she she sometimes talks to family members back in Cuba .	She said she sometimes speaks to family members in Cuba.
`` I have sisters that I still speak to , '' she said , `` and this situation is driving people crazy . ''	"I have sisters I still talk to," she said, "and this situation drives people crazy."
The only thing on Cuban television is Elian 's story , she said , and she feels the Cuban people are getting tired of the issue .	The only thing on Cuban television is Elian's story, she said, and she feels that the Cuban people are getting tired of the issue.
She does not speak to her brother and has n't for several years .	She does not speak to her brother and has not spoken to him for several years.
`` Nobody talks to Fidel , because he does n't listen , '' Juanita Castro said .	'Nobody talks to Fidel because he doesn't listen, 'Juanita Castro said.
`` He talks and he decides . ''	"He speaks and he decides." "
Juanita Castro said she has not visited the Miami relatives of Elian Gonzalez and has no plans to do so .	Juanita Castro said she has not visited Elian Gonzalez's relatives in Miami and has no plans to do so.
Although she supports the cause of Miami 's Cubans in their struggle against her brother 's government , she said she prefers to keep a low profile when it comes to politics .	Although she supports the Cuban cause in Miami in her fight against her brother's government, she prefers to keep a low profile in politics.
`` I just work in my pharmacy every day and I pray for a resolution in our country ( Cuba ) that is without violence , '' she said .	"I just work every day in my pharmacy and pray for a solution in our country (Cuba) that doesn't involve violence," she said.
`` And I also pray for this young boy every day because he needs help .	And I pray every day for this little boy because he needs help.
The Clinton administration 's wisdom in returning Elian Gonzalez to his father was confirmed over the weekend decision of his Miami relatives and their Republican allies to further politicize what ought to be a straightforward child-custody case .	The Clinton administration's wisdom in returning Elian Gonzlez to his father was confirmed over the weekend by the decision of his relatives in Miami and their Republican allies to further politicize what was supposed to be a simple child custody case.
Elian is finally getting time to reconnect with his father in a quiet , neutral setting where he is no longer a metaphor for the war between the Cubans .	Elian finally gets time to reconnect with his father in a quiet, neutral environment, where he is no longer a metaphor for the war between the Cubans.
A few miles from his temporary home at Andrews Air Force Base , Senator Bob Smith of New Hampshire , Representative Tom DeLay of Texas , both Republicans , and the relatives were treating the raid to return Elian as though it were a Nazi SS operation .	A few miles from his temporary home at Andrews Air Force Base, Senator Bob Smith of New Hampshire, Representative Tom DeLay of Texas, both Republicans, and relatives treated the raid to bring Elian back as if it were a Nazi SS operation.
Yet federal agents had a warrant , were enforcing US law , and entered the house with the proper force to ensure minimal resistance and injury .	Still, federal agents had an arrest warrant, enforced U.S. law, and entered the house with the necessary force to ensure minimal resistance and injury.
The raid was necessary because the Gonzalez relatives in Miami , refusing to return the boy , made him into a symbol of resistance to Fidel Castro .	The raid was necessary because Gonzalez's relatives in Miami, who refused to return the boy, made him a symbol of resistance to Fidel Castro.
Elian printed his name on an application for asylum and was put in front of a video camera to say that he did not want to go back to Cuba .	Elian printed his name on an asylum application and was put in front of a video camera to say he did not want to return to Cuba.
The relatives treated the boy like a political prop .	Relatives treated the boy as a political prop.
Had the relatives allowed Elian to return to Cuba , they would have denied the dictator an opportunity to reenergize support for his regime .	If the relatives had allowed Elian to return to Cuba, they would have denied the dictator the opportunity to revive support for his regime.
Juan Miguel Gonzalez apparently is a Castro supporter , but that should not disqualify him from being reunited with his child .	Juan Miguel Gonzlez is apparently a Castro supporter, but that should not stop him from being reunited with his child.
Ever since he first learned that Elian was in Florida last November , he has been persistent in seeking the boy 's return .	Ever since he first learned that Elian was in Florida last November, he has been working tirelessly to get the boy back.
Elian has developed great affection for the Miami relatives .	Elian has developed a great affection for relatives in Miami.
It would be ideal if they could have returned him to his father yet stayed in contact while their appeal was pending in court .	It would be ideal if they could have returned him to his father but kept in touch while their appeal was pending in court.
Negotiations failed , however , because they insisted on taking the place of the father , rather than being treated as concerned , yet distant , relatives .	Negotiations broke down, however, because they insisted on taking the father's place instead of being treated as concerned but distant relatives.
The father can remain here , but he can also return to Cuba if he wishes .	The father can stay here, but he can also return to Cuba if he wants.
Like any other 6-year-old in the care of a loving parent , Elian should go wherever that parent wants .	Like any other 6-year-old in the care of a loving parent, Elian should go where that parent wants.
Elian Gonzalez will remain in the United States for at least two more weeks even after a federal appeals court Thursday refused to order a political asylum hearing for the fought-over Cuban child .	Elian Gonzalez will remain in the United States for at least another two weeks, even after a federal appeals court on Thursday declined to order a hearing on political asylum for the embattled Cuban child.
Elian could be forced to stay longer if the Miami relatives who are seeking asylum for the child over his Cuban father 's objections pursue further appeals .	Elian could be forced to stay longer if relatives in Miami, who are seeking asylum for the child because of his Cuban father's objections, appeal further.
Attorney Kendall Coffey said his clients were giving an appeal to the Supreme Court `` serious consideration . ''	Attorney Kendall Coffey said his clients would "seriously consider" an appeal to the Supreme Court.
The Miami relatives could also request a rehearing before the same three-judge panel that issued Thursday 's ruling , or before the entire 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeal .	Relatives in Miami could also request a rehearing before the same three-judge panel that issued Thursday's ruling, or the entire 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals.
But Thursday 's decision made it clear the family has only 14 days to decide whether to request a rehearing at that level. & UR ;	But Thursday's ruling made clear that the family has only 14 days to decide whether to request a rehearing at that level.
& LR ; `` Expect no extensions , '' the court instructed .	& LR; < p > Don't expect any extensions, "the court said.
The ruling follows six months of international family infighting , political recriminations and wide-spread protests in both Miami and Cuba over the fate of the 6-year-old boy .	The ruling follows six months of international family disputes, political recriminations and widespread protests in Miami and Cuba over the fate of the six-year-old boy.
His mother died trying to smuggle Elian out of Cuba , and it has been difficult for family members , Miami community leaders and many politicians to separate attitudes about Cuban leader Fidel Castro from the legal issues involved .	His mother died trying to smuggle Elian out of Cuba, and it was difficult for family members, Miami community leaders, and many politicians to separate attitudes toward Cuban leader Fidel Castro from the related legal issues.
The appellate ruling made it clear the court takes no joy in lifting an obstacle to Elian 's return to Cuba .	The appeal ruling made clear that the court has no pleasure in removing an obstacle to Elian's return to Cuba.
`` We acknowledge , as a widely accepted truth , that Cuba does violate human rights and fundamental freedoms and does not guarantee the rule of law to people living in Cuba , '' wrote Judge J.L. Edmonson , on behalf of the panel .	"We recognize as a widely accepted truth that Cuba violates human rights and fundamental freedoms and does not guarantee the rule of law to people living in Cuba," Judge J.L. Edmonson wrote on behalf of the panel.
But the Immigration and Naturalization Service 's decision to deny Elian an asylum hearing was `` within the outside border of reasonable choices , '' the opinion read .	But the Immigration and Naturalization Department's decision to deny Elian an an asylum hearing was "within the bounds of reasonable decisions," the statement said.
`` The court neither approves nor disapproves the INS' decision to reject the asylum applications filed on plaintiff 's behalf , but the INS decision did not contradict ( federal law . ) ''	"The court approves or disapproves of the INS decision to reject the asylum applications made on behalf of the plaintiff, but the INS decision does not contradict (federal law)."
The judges denied , however , a request by Elian 's father to name him instead of great-uncle Lazaro Gonzalez as Elian 's representative in the continued court proceedings .	However, the judges rejected a request by Elian's father to appoint him as Elian's representative in the ongoing trial in place of great uncle Lazaro Gonzlez.
Making Juan Miguel Gonzalez his son 's legal representative would have allowed him to simply drop the asylum request and head for home .	Making Juan Miguel Gonzlez his son's legal representative would have allowed him to simply drop his asylum application and go home.
Elian 's great-uncle vowed to continue the battle , and said the Miami relatives might sue for visitation while the child is in the United States .	Elian's great uncle vowed to continue the fight, saying relatives in Miami could sue for visitation while the child was in the United States.
`` We will keep fighting with the laws ... so Elian Gonzalez can live in a free country like his mother wanted , '' Lazaro Gonzalez said .	"We will continue to fight with the laws... so that Elian Gonzlez can live in a free country as his mother wanted," Lazaro Gonzlez said.
President Clinton and Attorney General Janet Reno praised the ruling , with both stressing their confidence that Juan Miguel Gonzalez is the best person to raise his child. & UR ;	President Clinton and Attorney General Janet Reno praised the ruling, both stressing their confidence that Juan Miguel Gonzalez was the best person to raise his child.
& LR ; `` As I 've said before , this is a case about the importance of family and the bond between a father and son , '' Clinton said in a written statement issued from Berlin .	& LR; < p > As I said, this case is about the importance of family and the bond between father and son, "Clinton said in a written statement from Berlin.
Elian 's father asked his Miami relatives to end their court battle after Thursday 's ruling and allow him to finally return home with his son .	Elian's father asked his relatives in Miami to end their court battle after Thursday's ruling and allow him to finally return home with his son.
`` A child should simply be with his parents , always his parents , '' the elder Gonzalez said through an interpreter .	"A child should just be with his parents, always with his parents," the elder Gonzlez said through an interpreter.
Switching to English , he said , `` I want to thank the American people .	Speaking in English, he said: 'I want to thank the American people.
Elian was rescued off the coast of Florida by two American fishermen last November after the boat he was in capsized .	Elian was rescued by two American fishermen off the coast of Florida last November after his boat capsized.
Elian 's mother and 10 others died , but the boy survived by clinging to an inner tube .	Elian's mother and 10 others died, but the boy survived by clinging to a tube.
Elian 's Miami relatives took in the child , but then refused to return him to his surviving father in Cuba , citing the harshness of the Castro regime .	Elian's relatives in Miami took the child in but then refused to return it to his surviving father in Cuba, citing the harshness of the Castro regime.
The Miami relatives applied for political asylum on Elian 's behalf , saying the child did not want to return to Cuba .	Relatives in Miami applied for political asylum on Elian's behalf because the child did not want to return to Cuba.
INS agents traveled to Cuba to interview the child 's father before the INS rejected the application for asylum , saying the child 's father was the only person authorized to represent him .	INS agents traveled to Cuba to interview the child's father before the INS rejected the asylum application on the grounds that the child's father was the only person authorized to represent him.
A district court judge upheld the federal agency .	A district judge upheld the federal authority.
The Miami relatives appealed that decision , and obtained an injunction requiring Elian to remain in the United States until the asylum question worked its way through the courts .	Relatives in Miami appealed that decision and obtained an injunction requiring Elian to remain in the United States until the asylum issue found its way through the courts.
Juan Miguel Gonzalez arrived in the United States April 2 , and Reno ordered the Miami relatives to surrender the child to his father .	Juan Miguel Gonzalez arrived in the United States on April 2, and Reno ordered relatives in Miami to hand the child over to his father.
The family refused , and federal agents took the child by force in a pre-dawn raid on the Miami relatives ' home on April 22 .	The family refused, and federal agents forcibly took the child during a raid on the family's Miami home on April 22.
The father and his son lived for a month on a large , private estate in Maryland , but have recently moved to an affluent neighborhood in Washington , D.C. , to wait out the rest of their time in the United States .	The father and son lived on a large, private estate in Maryland for a month, but recently moved to an affluent neighborhood in Washington, D.C. to spend the rest of their time in the United States.
Shortly after the appellate panel released its decision , attorney Coffey filed an emergency request to Supreme Court Justice Anthony M. Kennedy ( who has jurisdiction over such matters from Florida ) requesting assurance that Elian will remain in the United States until the full Supreme Court can consider a formal appeal .	Shortly after the appellate panel issued its decision, Attorney Coffey made an emergency request to Supreme Court Justice Anthony M. Kennedy (who has jurisdiction over such matters from Florida), seeking assurances that Elian will remain in the United States until the Supreme Court can consider a formal appeal.
But Reno said the request to Kennedy serves no purpose since the injunction blocking Elian 's return to Cuba still applies .	Reno, however, said the request to Kennedy had no purpose because the restraining order blocking Elian's return to Cuba still applies.
If the family fails to file an appeal within 14 days , she said , the soonest Elian would be free to leave the country would be seven days later .	If the family does not appeal within 14 days, she said, Elian would be free to leave the country seven days later.
However , Justice Department officials said the appellate court could decide to waive the extra seven-day period .	Justice Department officials, however, said the appeals court could decide to waive the additional seven-day deadline.
Protesters were beginning to gather outside the Miami relatives ' home even before the ruling was issued .	Even before the verdict was announced, protesters gathered outside the relatives' home in Miami.
They yelled and wept when the decision was announced .	They cried and cried when the decision was announced.
In a statement read on Cuban television , Castro 's government expressed its displeasure at still another delay in Elian 's return .	In a statement read out on Cuban television, Castro's government expressed displeasure at a further delay in Elian's return.
The government called the 14-day waiting period `` another concession to the ` mafia' _ a disparaging term the government frequently uses to describe Miami 's exile Cuban community .	The government called the 14-day wait "another concession to the mafia" - a disparaging term the government often uses to describe Miami's exiled Cubans.
Jose Basulto , founder of Brothers to the Rescue , a Cuban exile group that frequently rescues Cuban refugees from the Straits of Florida , called the latest ruling `` outrageous . ''	Jose Basulto, founder of Brothers to the Rescue, a Cuban exile group that often rescues Cuban refugees from the Florida Strait, called the latest ruling "outrageous."
`` The saga of Elian Gonzalez is a turning point in relations in the Cuban community and the United States , '' Basulto said .	"The story of Elian Gonzalez is a turning point in relations between the Cuban community and the United States," Basulto said.
`` This day , in the history of their relations with the United States , will be remembered in the Cuban community in the same way the Bay of Pigs is remembered . ''	'This day will be remembered in the history of Cuba's relationship with the United States as much as the Bay of Pigs. '
Cuban exiles failed to overthrow Castro in 1961 when the communist leader repelled their invasion at the Bay of Pigs .	Cubans in exile failed to overthrow Castro in 1961, when the communist leader repelled their invasion of the Bay of Pigs.
South Africa deplored Friday the bomb blasts which killed scores of people and injured more than 1,000 others outside embassies of the United States in Kenya and Tanzania earlier in the day .	South Africa on Friday deplored the morning bombings outside the United States embassies in Kenya and Tanzania that killed dozens and injured more than 1,000 others.
A statement by the Foreign Affairs Department described the attacks as senseless .	A State Department statement called the attacks senseless.
" The South African government deplores these senseless acts against the American embassies in Nairobi and Dar es Salaam and would like to express its condolences to the victims of the explosions , " the statement said .	"The South African government deplores these senseless acts against the American embassies in Nairobi and Dar es Salaam and would like to express its condolences to the victims of the explosions," the statement said.
Reports reaching here said a massive blast damaged the U.S. embassy in Nairobi , killing 40 people while wounding at least 1,000 people .	A massive explosion reportedly damaged the U.S. Embassy in Nairobi, killing 40 people and injuring at least 1,000.
Kenyan Trade Minister Joseph Kamotho and American ambassador to Kenya Prudence Bushnell were injured in the blast .	Kenyan Commerce Minister Joseph Kamotho and U.S. Ambassador to Kenya Prudence Bushnell were injured in the blast.
Also on Friday morning , at least four people were killed in an explosion that took place near the American embassy in Dar es Salaam , the capital of Tanzania .	Also on Friday morning, at least four people were killed in an explosion near the American Embassy in Dar es Salaam, the capital of Tanzania.
As far as could be established , no South Africans had been affected by the blasts , the South African Foreign Affairs Department said .	As far as can be determined, no South Africans were affected by the explosions, the South African Foreign Ministry said.
The flu season is winding down , and it has killed 105 children so far - about the average toll .	The flu season is drawing to a close and has so far claimed the lives of 105 children - about as many as the average.
The season started about a month earlier than usual , sparking concerns it might turn into the worst in a decade .	The season began about a month earlier than usual, stoking fears it could turn into the worst in a decade.
It ended up being very hard on the elderly , but was moderately severe overall , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .	In the end, it was very hard for the elderly, but overall it was moderately hard, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Six of the pediatric deaths were reported in the last week , and it 's possible there will be more , said the CDC 's Dr. Michael Jhung said Friday .	Six of the child deaths have been reported in the past week, and it's possible there will be more, Dr. Michael Jhung of the CDC said Friday.
Roughly 100 children die in an average flu season .	In an average flu season, about 100 children die.
One exception was the swine flu pandemic of 2009-2010 , when 348 children died .	The exception was the swine flu pandemic of 2009-2010, when 348 children died.
The CDC recommends that all children ages 6 months and older be vaccinated against flu each season , though only about half get a flu shot or nasal spray .	The CDC recommends that all children 6 months and older be vaccinated against flu every season, even though only about half get a flu shot or nasal spray.
All but four of the children who died were old enough to be vaccinated , but 90 percent of them did not get vaccinated , CDC officials said .	All but four of the children who died were old enough to be vaccinated, but 90 percent of them were not vaccinated, CDC officials said.
This year 's vaccine was considered effective in children , though it did n't work very well in older people .	This year's vaccine was considered effective in children, although it did not work particularly well in the elderly.
In that group , 177 out of every 100,000 were hospitalized with flu-related illness in the past several months .	In this group, 177 out of every 100,000 people with flu-related illnesses have been hospitalized in recent months.
This flu season started in early December , a month earlier than usual , and peaked by the end of year .	This flu season began in early December, a month earlier than usual, and peaked at the end of the year.
Since then , flu reports have been dropping off throughout the country .	Since then, flu reports have been piling up across the country.
" We appear to be getting close to the end of flu season , " Jhung said .	"We seem to be nearing the end of the flu season," Jhung said.
Barack Obama would make a great stand-up comic , not because he 's the funniest president ever but because he uses jokes the same way many of us comedians do : as a weapon .	Barack Obama would make a great stand-up comic, not because he's the funniest president ever, but because he jokes the way many of us comedians do: as a weapon.
Traditionally , the ( intentionally ) funny lines by our presidents have had one thing in common : They were self-deprecating .	Traditionally, our presidents "(intentionally) funny lines had one thing in common: they were self-deprecating.
Sure , some presidents have used jokes to take jabs at their opponents , but not to the extent of Obama .	Sure, some presidents have used jokes to mock their opponents, but not to the extent that Obama has.
During his tenure , he has increasingly unleashed biting comedic barbs against his critics and political adversaries .	During his tenure, he has unleashed increasingly biting comedic barbs against his critics and political opponents.
These jokes are intended to do more than simply entertain you .	These jokes are meant to do more than just entertain.
He tries to undermine his opponents with it and get the crowd -- in this case the public -- on his side .	He is trying to undermine his opponents and get the crowd - in this case the public - on his side.
I can assure you that having a crowd laugh at your critic / heckler is not only effective in dominating them , it 's also very satisfying .	I can assure you that not only is it effective to control critics / hecklers, but it is also very satisfying when the crowd laughs at them.
A New York man who was accused of faking his death last summer pleaded guilty to a conspiracy charge Thursday , Nassau County District Attorney Kathleen Rice announced .	A New York man accused of faking his death last summer pleaded guilty Thursday to a conspiracy charge, Nassau County District Attorney Kathleen Rice said.
Raymond Roth , 48 , of Massapequa , New York , was first reported missing in the waters off Jones Beach late last July by his 22-year-old son , Jonathan Roth .	Raymond Roth, 48, of Massapequa, New York, was first reported missing by his 22-year-old son Jonathan Roth in the waters off Jones Beach in late July last year.
Several days into an extensive search involving multiple agencies , New York State Park Police said , authorities learned the missing man was in South Carolina , where he had been pulled over for speeding .	Several days after an extensive search involving multiple agencies, authorities learned that the missing man was in South Carolina, where he had been stopped for speeding.
The day before Raymond Roth was pulled over , his wife , Evana , showed authorities e-mails she had discovered that appeared to detail a plan between him and his son to fake his death .	The day before Raymond Roth was pulled over, his wife Evana showed authorities emails she had discovered that appeared to reveal a plot between him and his son to fake his death.
Raymond Roth wanted his wife and son to collect at least $410,000 in life insurance benefits while he started a new life in Florida , Rice said .	Raymond Roth wanted his wife and son to collect at least $410,000 in life insurance benefits while he began a new life in Florida, Rice said.
State police arrested both men in early August on charges of insurance fraud , conspiracy and filing a false report .	State police arrested both men in early August on charges of insurance fraud, conspiracy and making false statements.
Raymond Roth on Thursday agreed to plead guilty to the conspiracy charge in exchange for a sentence of 90 days in jail and five years ' probation , the district attorney 's office said .	Raymond Roth agreed on Thursday to plead guilty in exchange for a 90-day prison sentence and five years of probation, prosecutors said.
He also must pay restitution for the cost of the search -- $27,445 to the U.S. Coast Guard and $9,109 to the Nassau County Police Department .	He must also reimburse the cost of the search - $27,445 to the U.S. Coast Guard and $9,109 to the Nassau County Police Department.
Evana Roth told CNN in August she thought her husband devised the plan after he was fired from his job in July .	Evana Roth told CNN in August that she believed her husband worked out the plan after he was fired in July.
Her attorney , Lenard Leeds , said she had been unaware of the ruse before she uncovered the e-mail correspondence .	Her lawyer Lenard Leeds said she was unaware of the stunt until she uncovered the email correspondence.
" There needs to be a way for me to find out how things are going .	'There's got to be a way for me to find out how things are going.
Call me Sunday night at 8 PM at the resort , " Raymond Roth wrote in an e-mail to his son the day before the son reported him missing .	Call me Sunday night at 8 p.m. at the resort, "Raymond Roth wrote in an email to his son the day before his son reported him missing.
The son 's case is still pending , the district attorney said .	The son's case is still pending, the prosecutor said.
Jonathan Roth 's attorney , Joey Jackson , defended his client after his arrest , saying , " There was abuse here , manipulation here , coercion here " from the father .	Jonathan Roth's lawyer, Joey Jackson, defended his client after his arrest, saying "there was abuse here, manipulation here, coercion here" from the father.
Raymond Roth 's attorney , Brian Davis , denied in August that Roth had involved his son in the scheme .	Raymond Roth's attorney, Brian Davis, denied in August that Roth had implicated his son in the scheme.
" We had issues concerning the facts people had whether ( Roth ) had an agreement with his son , " Davis told CNN on Thursday .	"We had issues with the facts that people had about whether (Roth) had an agreement with his son," Davis told CNN on Thursday.
" He 's admitted it now .	'He's admitted it now.
He 's accepted responsibility . "	He's taken responsibility. '
Davis added that his client has been under treatment for bipolar disorder in recent weeks .	Davis added that his client had been receiving treatment for bipolar disorder in recent weeks.
During plea negotiations , Raymond Roth asked the district attorney 's office not to give his son jail time , Davis said .	During the plea deal, Raymond Roth asked prosecutors not to grant his son jail time, Davis said.
On the advice of both their attorneys , father and son have not been in contact since their arrests , Davis said .	On the advice of her two lawyers, the father and son had not had any contact since their arrest, Davis said.
" He would like to straighten things out with ( Jonathan ) when the time comes , " he said .	"He would like to sort things out with (Jonathan) when the time comes," he said.
Before the arrival of Keep , which Google launched this week , there was no default note-taking app for Android .	Before the launch of Keep, which Google launched this week, there was no standard note-taking app for Android.
It was a glaring hole , considering that Apple 's iPhone has built-in Notes and Reminders apps that can be powered by Siri .	It was a glaring hole, considering that Apple's iPhone has built-in note and reminder apps that can run on Siri.
Instead of settling for a bare bones app to fill the void , the search giant took things one step further .	Rather than settle for a bare-bones app to fill the void, the search giant went one step further.
That said , it 's not going to conquer the world quite yet .	Still, it won't quite conquer the world.
Like most things Google , expect the company to flesh out Keep over time and really turn it into our personal internet junk drawer .	Like most things at Google, we expect the company to come alive over time and really turn it into our personal Internet drawer.
It 's easy to foresee the day the when users will be able to send anything from their Web browser or Maps directly to Keep .	It is easy to predict the day when users will be able to send anything from their web browser or maps directly to Keep.
The prospect of Keep incorporating features of services such as Pinterest or Pocket , or even making it easy to catalog streaming media , could turn it into something big .	The prospect of continuing to integrate features from services such as Pinterest or Pocket, or even simplifying the cataloging of streaming media, could make a big difference.
That should scare Evernote .	That should scare Evernote.
In filling a minor , but important gap in its mobile ecosystem , Google gives the competition one less claim of superiority over Android .	In filling a small but important gap in its mobile ecosystem, Google is giving the competition a claim to superiority over Android less.
The FAA on Friday announced it will close 149 regional airport control towers because of forced spending cuts -- sparing 40 others that the FAA had been expected to shutter .	The FAA announced Friday that it would close 149 control towers at regional airports because of forced spending cuts - and close 40 more that the FAA had been expected to close.
A four-week , phased closure of the 149 control towers will begin on April 7 , the FAA said .	A four-week, phased closure of the 149 control towers will begin on April 7, the FAA said.
The FAA had been expected to announce the closure of 189 low - or moderate-volume towers staffed by contractors .	The FAA had been expected to announce the closure of 189 low- and medium-volume towers staffed by contractors.
Before Friday 's announcement , it said it would consider keeping a tower open if the airport convinces the agency it is in the " national interest " to do so .	Prior to Friday's announcement, it had said it would consider keeping a tower open if the airport convinced the authority that it was in the "national interest."
By congressional mandate , the FAA must cut nearly $600 million from its nearly $48 billion budget this fiscal year .	Under the Congressional mandate, the FAA must cut nearly $600 million of its nearly $48 billion budget this fiscal year.
Because the majority of its 47,000 employees are air traffic controllers , it is impossible to cut its budget without affecting controllers , the agency says .	Because the majority of the 47,000 employees are air traffic controllers, it is impossible to cut the budget without affecting air traffic controllers, the agency said.
President Barack Obama arrived in refugee-flooded Jordan on Friday after scoring a diplomatic coup just before leaving Israel when Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu apologized to Turkey for a 2010 commando raid that killed nine activists on a Turkish vessel in a Gaza-bound flotilla .	President Barack Obama arrived in refugee-inundated Jordan on Friday after landing a diplomatic coup shortly before leaving Israel when Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu apologized to Turkey for a 2010 commando raid that killed nine militants on a Turkish ship in a Gaza flotilla.
The apology , long sought by Turkish Prime Minister Recep Erdogan , eased strained feelings between Turkey and Israel , two vital U.S. allies in the Middle East .	The apology, long demanded by Turkish Prime Minister Recep Erdogan, has defused tense feelings between Turkey and Israel, two key US allies in the Middle East.
It happened in a phone call to Erdogan during a final meeting between Obama and Netanyahu at Ben Gurion International Airport in Tel Aviv minutes before Air Force One departed for Jordan to complete the president 's Middle East swing .	It happened in a phone call with Erdogan during a final meeting between Obama and Netanyahu at Tel Aviv's Ben Gurion International Airport a few minutes before Air Force One departed for Jordan to complete the president's Middle East trip.
A statement from Netanyahu 's office said the apology included an offer of compensation .	A statement from Netanyahu's office said the apology included an offer of compensation.
However , there was confusion later when the Israeli government dropped a reference in its original statement to normalized relations between the countries with a return of ambassadors .	There was confusion later, however, when the Israeli government dropped a reference to normalized relations between the countries with the return of ambassadors in its original statement.
There also was no word on whether the once-close nations would resume the joint military exercises that were suspended after the flotilla raid .	There was also no word on whether the once-close nations would resume joint military exercises suspended after the flotilla attack.
Turkey had been prosecuting four Israeli soldiers in absentia and Israel initially said the two leaders agreed to the cancellation of legal steps against the troops .	Turkey had prosecuted four Israeli soldiers in absentia, and Israel initially said the two leaders had agreed to lift legal action against the troops.
Later , however , its amended statement omitted that action as well .	However, this measure was later omitted in the amended declaration.
Microsoft Corp. broke sales records in 2010 when it released its Kinect - a movement-tracking device that enabled Xbox users to play their favorite games through gestures alone , without need of a controller .	Microsoft Corp broke sales records in 2010 when it released its Kinect - a motion-tracking device that allowed Xbox users to play their favorite games through gestures alone without the need for a controller.
Now , with the help of outside developers , the software giant is hoping to move the Kinect beyond gaming .	Now the software giant hopes to establish Kinect beyond gaming with the help of outside developers.
Microsoft is expanding into China with a company-funded incubator program for outside developers to build products based on Kinect technology for a range of industries including health care and retail .	Microsoft is expanding into China with a company-funded incubator program for outside developers to build Kinect-based products for a range of industries, including healthcare and retail.
In the U.S. , 11 companies were selected last year for the accelerator 's first three-month class in Seattle , out of nearly 500 applicants .	In the US, eleven companies were selected last year from nearly 500 applicants for the accelerator's first three-month course in Seattle.
Microsoft said it has identified three companies for the China program to run through June .	Microsoft said it had identified three companies for the China program, which is scheduled to run through June.
The company gives each participating startup in the Seattle program $20,000 to create software that can be used with Kinect for Windows , but it is is n't asking for any ownership stakes or intellectual property rights .	The company gives each participating start-up in the Seattle program $20,000 to develop software that can be used with Kinect for Windows, but it does not ask for any ownership or intellectual property rights.
Microsoft also does n't have any veto power over the ideas .	Microsoft also has no veto over the ideas.
What Microsoft gets are developers around the world working on ideas that could potentially open up Kinect for Windows ' technology to new markets - and convince consumers and businesses to buy the company 's hardware and make use of the potential apps .	What Microsoft is getting are developers around the world working on ideas that could potentially open Kinect technology for Windows to new markets - and convince consumers and businesses to buy the company's hardware and use the potential apps.
The Windows-ready Kinect sensor , which would be necessary for any business that wants to use these potential new technologies , is currently selling for $250 through Microsoft , more than twice what Microsoft charges for the gaming-only Xbox version .	The Windows-enabled Kinect sensor, which would be necessary for any company wishing to take advantage of these potential new technologies, is currently being sold through Microsoft for $250, more than double what Microsoft charges for the Xbox-only version.
But Iram Leon stands on the sidelines of his own race against time .	But Iram Leon is on the sidelines in his own race against time.
Lodged in his brain is an untreatable and inoperable cancerous tumor that statistics suggest will kill him before he is 40 , eight years from now .	There is an untreatable and inoperable cancer in his brain that statistics show will kill him before his 40th birthday in eight years.
Medical science is advancing at a rate that does n't preclude the development of a treatment , but it 's not clear if it will come in time .	Medical science is advancing at a pace that does not preclude the development of a treatment, but it is not clear whether it will arrive in time.
" No one knows what technology will be available in five years , " said Allan Friedman , Duke University Hospital neurosurgeon in chief , who in 2011 removed as much of Leon 's brain tumor as possible .	"Nobody knows what technology will be available in five years," said Allan Friedman, chief neurosurgeon at Duke University Hospital, who removed as much of Leon's brain tumor as possible in 2011.
Some seek escape in their careers , but that is no longer an option for Leon , who early this year was forced to step down as a juvenile probation officer in Travis County , Texas , a position he had held for almost seven years .	Some seek escape in their careers, but that is no longer an option for Leon, who was forced earlier this year to resign from his job as a juvenile probation officer in Travis County, Texas, a position he held for nearly seven years.
His thinking is no longer clear , said Leon , adding , " I was making too many mistakes on the stand . "	His thinking was no longer clear, Leon said, adding, "I made too many mistakes in the stands."
What has startled the medical community even more is what Leon did this month in Beaumont , Texas .	What has alarmed the medical community even more is what Leon did this month in Beaumont, Texas.
He won the Gusher Marathon , finishing in 3:07:35 .	He won the Gusher Marathon in 3: 07: 35.
That was one second slower than his personal record in the 26.2-mile event , set days before he underwent brain surgery in early 2011 .	That was a second slower than his personal record in the 26.2-mile event, set days before his brain surgery in early 2011.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu apologized on Friday to Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan for a raid on a Turkish flotilla ship , a move that will help restore strained ties between the countries .	Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu apologized Friday to Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan for the attack on a Turkish flotilla ship, a move that will help restore strained relations between the countries.
The call , which happened as President Barack Obama wrapped up his first presidential visit to Israel , was an unexpected outcome from a Mideast trip that seemed to yield few concrete steps .	The call, which came as President Barack Obama wrapped up his first visit to Israel, was an unexpected result of a Middle East trip that seemed to yield few concrete steps.
Mr. Netanyahu 's office confirmed that the Israeli leader , in a conversation with Mr. Erdogan , " agreed to restore normalization between Israel and Turkey , including the dispatch of ambassadors and the cancellation of legal steps against [ Israeli Defense Forces ] soldiers . "	Netanyahu's office confirmed that in a conversation with Erdogan, the Israeli leader "agreed to restore normalization between Israel and Turkey, including the sending of ambassadors and the cancellation of legal action against [Israeli Defense Forces] soldiers."
Mr. Erdogan accepted the Israeli apology , the prime minister 's office said .	Erdogan accepted the Israeli apology, the prime minister's office said.
Mr. Erdogan has long sought an apology for the raid in May 2010 on the Mavi Marmara , which was part of a flotilla that sought to break Israel 's blockade of Gaza .	Erdogan has long sought an apology for the May 2010 raid on the Mavi Marmara, which was part of a flotilla trying to break Israel's blockade of Gaza.
An Israeli raid on the ship left nine passengers dead , all of them Turkish or of Turkish descent .	Nine passengers, all of Turkish or Turkish descent, were killed in an Israeli attack on the ship.
" In light of the Israeli investigation into the incident , which pointed out several operational errors , Prime Minister Netanyahu apologized to the Turkish people for any errors that could have led to loss of life and agreed to complete the agreement on compensation , " the statement said .	"In light of the Israeli investigation into the incident, which highlighted several operational errors, Prime Minister Netanyahu apologized to the Turkish people for any mistakes that could have resulted in loss of life and agreed to the conclusion of the compensation agreement," the statement said.
Mr. Netanyahu told Mr. Erdogan that what happened on board the Mavi Marmara was " unintentional and Israel expresses regret over injuries and loss of life , " according to the statement .	Netanyahu told Erdogan that what happened aboard the Mavi Marmara was "unintentional and Israel expresses regret for the injuries and deaths," the statement said.
Mr. Obama said later at a news conference in Amman that he had spoken to both leaders over the past two years about how it was in the interests of both countries to restore normal relations .	Obama later said at a news conference in Amman that he had spoken with both leaders over the past two years about how it was in the interest of both countries to restore normal relations.
He said he discussed the issue with Mr. Netanyahu during his visit to Israel this week , and that they agreed the timing was good for a discussion with the Turkish leader .	He said he had discussed the issue with Netanyahu during his visit to Israel this week, and they agreed that the time was right for talks with the Turkish leader.
The incident was a subject of talks between Mr. Netanyahu and President Barack Obama during the president 's trip to Israel this week , officials said .	The incident was the subject of talks between Netanyahu and President Barack Obama during the president's trip to Israel this week, administration officials said.
Health insurers are privately warning brokers that premiums for many individuals and small businesses could increase sharply next year because of the health-care overhaul law , with the nation 's biggest firm projecting that rates could more than double for some consumers buying their own plans .	Health insurers are warning private brokers that premiums for many individuals and small businesses could rise sharply next year as a result of the health care overhaul law, with the nation's largest company predicting that prices could more than double for some consumers who buy their own plans.
The projections , made in sessions with brokers and agents , provide some of the most concrete evidence yet of how much insurance companies might increase prices when major provisions of the law kick in next year - a subject of rigorous debate .	The forecasts, made in meetings with brokers and brokers, provide some of the most concrete evidence yet of how much insurers could raise prices when key provisions of the law come into effect next year - an issue that is hotly debated.
The projected increases are at odds with what the Obama Administration says consumers should be expecting overall in terms of cost .	The projected increases are at odds with what consumers should expect overall in terms of costs, according to the Obama administration.
The Department of Health and Human Services says that the law will " make health-care coverage more affordable and accessible , " pointing to a 2009 analysis by the Congressional Budget Office that says average individual premiums , on an apples-to-apples basis , would be lower .	The Department of Health and Human Services says the law will "make health care more affordable and accessible," pointing to a 2009 Congressional Budget Office analysis that found average individual premiums would be lower on an apple-to-apple basis.
The gulf between the pricing talk from some insurers and the government projections suggests how complicated the law 's effects will be .	The gulf between some insurers "price talk and the government's projections suggests just how complicated the law's impact will be.
Carriers will be filing proposed prices with regulators over the next few months .	Airlines will submit price proposals to regulators in the coming months.
Part of the murkiness stems from the role of government subsidies .	Part of the opacity stems from the role of government subsidies.
Federal subsidies under the health law will help lower-income consumers defray costs , but they are generally not included in insurers ' premium projections .	Federal subsidies under the health care law will help lower-income consumers cover costs, but they are not usually included in insurers' premium projections.
Many consumers will be getting more generous plans because of new requirements in the law .	Many consumers will get more generous plans because of new legislation.
The effects of the law will vary widely , and insurers and other analysts agree that some consumers and small businesses will likely see premiums go down .	The impact of the law will vary widely, and insurers and other analysts agree that some consumers and small businesses are likely to see premiums fall.
Starting next year , the law will block insurers from refusing to sell coverage or setting premiums based on people 's health histories , and will reduce their ability to set rates based on age .	Starting next year, the law will prevent insurers from selling coverage or setting premiums based on people's medical history, and reduce their ability to set rates based on age.
That can raise coverage prices for younger , healthier consumers , while reining them in for older , sicker ones .	This can raise insurance prices for younger, healthier consumers and rein them in for older, sicker consumers.
The rules can also affect small businesses , which sometimes pay premiums tied to employees ' health status and claims history .	The rules may also affect small businesses, which sometimes pay premiums linked to workers' health and history.
The last surviving member of the team which first conquered Everest in 1953 has died in a Derbyshire nursing home .	The last surviving member of the team that first conquered Everest in 1953 has died in a care home in Derbyshire.
George Lowe , 89 , died in Ripley on Wednesday after a long-term illness , with his wife Mary by his side .	George Lowe, 89, died in Ripley on Wednesday after a long illness, with his wife Mary by his side.
New Zealand-born Mr Lowe was part of the team that helped Sir Edmund Hillary and Tenzing Norgay to the summit in 1953 .	New Zealand-born Lowe was part of the team that helped Sir Edmund Hillary and Tenzing Norgay reach the summit in 1953.
Family friend and historian Dr Huw Lewis-Jones paid tribute to a " gentle soul and fine climber " who shunned the limelight .	Family friend and historian Dr Huw Lewis-Jones paid tribute to a "gentle soul and fine mountaineer" who shunned the limelight.
Mr Lowe also took part in the trans-Antarctic expedition of 1957-58 , which made the first successful overland crossing of Antarctica via the South Pole .	Lowe also participated in the 1957-58 Transantarctic Expedition, which made the first successful overland crossing of Antarctica over the South Pole.
He later made expeditions to Greenland , Greece and Ethiopia .	Later he undertook expeditions to Greenland, Greece and Ethiopia.
Speaking to the BBC in 1995 , Mr Lowe said of his Antarctic adventure : " We estimated we could do it in 100 days , and we got across on the 99th day .	Speaking to the BBC in 1995 about his Antarctic adventure, Lowe said: "We estimated we would make it in 100 days and we arrived on the 99th day.
It had a multiplying effect .	It had a multiplier effect.
" We were pleased that England and New Zealand knew about it , and we thought that 's where it would stop . "	'We were glad England and New Zealand knew about it and we thought it'd stop. '
He also talked about his " second job " as the group 's cameraman , and having to wear four pairs of gloves to work the clockwork camera .	He also talked about his "second job" as the group's cameraman and how he had to wear four pairs of gloves to operate the clockwork camera.
Do you take part in the urgency - or do you record it ? " he said .	Do you participate in the urgency - or do you absorb it? "he said.
Dr Lewis-Jones , the former curator at the Scott Polar Research Institute at the University of Cambridge , who first met Mr Lowe in 2005 , called him a " hero " .	Dr Lewis-Jones, the former curator at Cambridge University's Scott Polar Research Institute who first met Lowe in 2005, called him a "hero."
" I do n't often use that word but then it is not very often that you get to meet one , " he said .	"I don't use that word often, but it's not often you meet one," he said.
A book of memoirs and photographs from the climb by Mr Lowe , which he worked on with Dr Lewis-Jones , is due to be published in May .	A book of memoirs and photos of Lowe's rise, which he worked on with Dr Lewis-Jones, is due to be published in May.
He said : " Lowe was a brilliant , kind fellow who never sought the limelight ... and 60 years on from Everest his achievements deserve wider recognition .	He said: "Lowe was a brilliant, kind guy who never sought the limelight... and 60 years after Everest his achievements deserve wider recognition.
" He was involved in two of the most important explorations of the 20th Century ... yet remained a humble , happy man right to the end ... an inspirational lesson to us all . "	"He was involved in two of the most important explorations of the 20th century... yet he remained a humble, happy man to the end... an inspiring lesson for all of us."
Before retiring in 1984 , Mr Lowe worked as an Inspector of Schools with the Department of Education and Sciences , and he leaves three sons from a previous marriage .	Before retiring in 1984, Mr Lowe worked as a schools inspector in the Department of Education and Science and is survived by three sons from a previous marriage.
The last British climbing member of the 1953 team , Mike Westmacott , died last June .	The last British climber on the 1953 team, Mike Westmacott, died last June.
Israel 's prime minister has apologised to Turkey for " any errors that could have led to loss of life " during the 2010 commando raid on an aid flotilla that tried to breach the Gaza blockade .	Israel's prime minister has apologized to Turkey for "any mistakes that could have resulted in loss of life" during the 2010 commando raid on an aid flotilla trying to break the Gaza blockade.
Benjamin Netanyahu also agreed with his Turkish counterpart Recep Tayyip Erdogan to compensate the families of the nine activists who were killed .	Benjamin Netanyahu also agreed with his Turkish counterpart Recep Tayyip Erdogan to compensate the families of the nine activists killed.
Mr Netanyahu had previously only expressed regret for the deaths .	Netanyahu had previously expressed only regret over the deaths.
The deal was brokered by US President Barack Obama during a visit to Israel .	The agreement was brokered by US President Barack Obama during a visit to Israel.
Mr Erdogan 's office said he had accepted the apology , " in the name of the Turkish people " .	Erdogan's office said he accepted the apology "on behalf of the Turkish people."
In the past , he has always given two conditions for restoring bilateral relations with Israel - an apology and compensation for victims ' families .	In the past, he has always set two conditions for the restoration of bilateral relations with Israel - an apology and compensation for the families of the victims.
Nine people were killed on board the Turkish aid ship , Mavi Marmara , when it was boarded by Israeli commandos while trying to transport aid supplies to Gaza in May 2010 in spite of an Israeli naval blockade .	Nine people were killed aboard the Turkish aid ship Mavi Marmara when it was boarded by Israeli commandos in May 2010, despite an Israeli naval blockade, as it was transporting aid to Gaza.
The Israeli government admitted mistakes were made in intelligence-gathering and planning , but insisted its commandos used lethal force because activists had attacked them .	The Israeli government acknowledged mistakes in gathering and planning intelligence, but insisted that its commandos used deadly force because militants had attacked them.
The activists said the troops had opened fire as soon as they boarded the vessel , which was in international waters at the time .	The activists said the troops opened fire when they boarded the ship, which was in international waters at the time.
The incident provoked an international outcry and led to a major deterioration in relations between Turkey and Israel .	The incident sparked an international outcry and led to a significant deterioration in relations between Turkey and Israel.
Before departing for Jordan on Friday afternoon , Mr Obama revealed that Mr Netanyahu and Mr Erdogan had just spoken by telephone .	Before leaving for Jordan on Friday afternoon, Obama said Netanyahu and Erdogan had just spoken on the phone.
Heavy snow is causing disruption to transport across the UK , with heavy rainfall bringing flooding to the south-west of England .	Heavy snowfall is causing traffic disruption across the UK and heavy rain is bringing flooding to the South West of England.
Rescuers searching for a woman trapped in a landslide at her home in Looe , Cornwall , said they had found a body .	Rescuers searching for a woman trapped by a landslide at her home in Looe, Cornwall, said they had found a body.
Over 200,000 Belfast customers were affected by a blackout but power is starting to be restored .	More than 200,000 customers in Belfast were affected by a power outage but power is slowly being restored.
Northern Ireland 's World Cup qualifier with Russia has been postponed until 15:00 GMT Saturday due to heavy snow .	Northern Ireland's World Cup qualifier against Russia has been postponed until 3pm BST on Saturday due to heavy snowfall.
There are 12 flood warnings in the South West , with Met Office warnings for snow covering much of the UK .	There are 12 flood warnings in place in the South West, with the weather bureau issuing snow warnings for much of the UK.
This comes just over a week before the start of British Summer Time .	This comes just over a week before British Summer Time begins.
BBC forecasters said the snow would cause travel disruption across northern parts of the UK on Friday , with some 20cm-40cm ( 8in-16in ) falling in places .	BBC forecasters said the snow on Friday would cause travel disruption in northern parts of the UK, with 20-40cm falling in places.
Atrocious conditions could be expected on high ground , they said .	Cruel conditions were to be expected at a high level, it said.
Roads in northern parts of Wales , the Midlands into the Pennines , southern Scotland and Northern Ireland would be the worst affected , while gale force winds would blow snow and drifts across trans-Pennine routes , they added .	Roads in northern parts of Wales, the Midlands, the Pennines, southern Scotland and Northern Ireland would be worst affected, while gale-force winds would blow snow and drifts across the trans-Pennine routes, it said.
Oil giant BP has said it will buy back $8bn of shares , returning to shareholders the money they had put into a complicated Russian venture .	Oil giant BP has announced it will buy back $8 billion worth of shares and return to shareholders the money it put into a complicated Russian venture.
It said it " expected to return to BP shareholders an amount equivalent to the value of the company 's original investment in TNK-BP " .	It said it "expects to return to BP shareholders an amount equal to the value of the company's original investment in TNK-BP."
BP agreed to sell back its 50 % stake in TNK-BP to Russia 's Rosneft in October in return for $17.1bn in cash and shares .	BP agreed in October to return its 50% stake in TNK-BP to Russia's Rosneft for $17.1 billion in cash and shares.
It invested in TNK-BP in 2003 .	It invested in TNK-BP in 2003.
BP chairman Carl-Henric Svanberg said : " We expect our stake in Rosneft will generate long-term value for BP and its shareholders .	BP chief executive Carl-Henric Svanberg said: "We expect our stake in Rosneft to create long-term value for BP and its shareholders.
But this buyback programme should also allow our shareholders to see benefits in the near-term from the value we have realised by reshaping our Russian business . "	But this buyback program should also allow our shareholders to benefit in the short term from the value we have realized through the restructuring of our Russia business. "
BP expects the share buyback programme could take between 12 and 18 months to complete .	BP expects the share buyback program to last between 12 and 18 months.
" In 2003 BP invested around $8bn in cash , shares and assets in the formation of TNK-BP , " the oil giant said .	"In 2003, BP invested approximately $8 billion in cash, shares and assets in the creation of TNK-BP," the oil giant said.
" Over the following decade BP received a total of $19bn in dividends from the joint venture . "	"Over the next decade, BP received a total of $19 billion in dividends from the joint venture," he said.
In 2011 , the AAR consortium attempted to block a drilling joint venture in the Arctic between BP and Rosneft through the courts and the plan was eventually dropped .	In 2011, the AAR consortium tried to block a drilling joint venture between BP and Rosneft in the Arctic in court, and the plan was eventually dropped.
As well as internal wrangles , BP employees at TNK-BP have fallen foul of Russian authorities .	In addition to internal squabbles, BP employees at TNK-BP have fallen foul of Russian authorities.
While serving as head of TNK-BP , Bob Dudley - now the head of BP as a whole - had his office bugged and raided by the police and met with onerous back-tax demands , legal action and visa problems .	During his time as boss of TNK-BP, Bob Dudley - now head of BP as a whole - had his office bugged and searched by police, encountering troublesome after-tax claims, legal action and visa problems.
He eventually fled the country in 2008 .	He eventually fled the country in 2008.
But the tie-up with Rosneft will keep BP in Russia , allowing it to continue to explore and exploit the country 's vast energy resources , including in the Arctic region .	But the tie-up with Rosneft will keep BP in Russia, allowing it to continue exploring and exploiting the country's vast energy resources, including in the Arctic.
Russian police and tax inspectors have raided the offices of the human rights group Memorial and other civil society groups which get foreign funding .	Russian police and tax inspectors have raided offices of the human rights group Memorial and other foreign-funded civil society groups.
Memorial is famous for documenting human rights abuses in Russia .	Memorial is famous for documenting human rights violations in Russia.
The US embassy in Moscow has voiced concern and asked the Russian government for an explanation .	The U.S. Embassy in Moscow has expressed concern and asked the Russian government for an explanation.
A new Russian law says foreign-funded non-governmental groups ( NGOs ) linked to politics must register as " foreign agents " - a term which suggests spying .	A new Russian law requires foreign-funded non-governmental organizations (NGOs) associated with politics to register as "foreign agents" - a term that suggests espionage.
In the worst repressions of the Soviet period the label " foreign agents " was used to denounce dissidents - or simply political rivals of Joseph Stalin - and could lead to execution .	In the worst repression of the Soviet era, the label "foreign agents" was used to denounce dissidents - or simply political rivals of Joseph Stalin - which could lead to execution.
Memorial says inspectors returned to its Moscow offices on Friday , having already seized 600 documents including accounts on Thursday .	Memorial said inspectors returned to its Moscow offices on Friday after seizing 600 documents, including accounts, on Thursday.
A statement on the Memorial website said the inspections were directly linked to the new law on NGOs and the targeted groups ' compliance with it .	A statement on Memorial's website said the inspections were directly related to the new law on NGOs and target groups' compliance with it.
Memorial director Arseny Roginsky , quoted by the Russian news website Vesti , said it was " a complete check on everything concerned with our sources of funding " .	Memorial director Arseny Roginsky was quoted by Russian news site Vesti as saying it was "a complete review of everything to do with our sources of funding."
He insisted that the NGO law " will not change our position at all " .	He insisted that the NGO law "will not change our position at all."
" We wo n't refuse foreign donations , nor will we register as a 'foreign agent' , " he said .	"We will not refuse foreign donations or register as a" foreign agent, "" he said.
China 's state leadership transition has taken place this month against an ominous backdrop .	China's change of leadership this month took place against an ominous backdrop.
More than 16,000 dead pigs have been found floating in rivers that provide drinking water to Shanghai .	More than 16,000 dead pigs have been found in rivers supplying Shanghai with drinking water.
A haze akin to volcanic fumes cloaked the capital , causing convulsive coughing and obscuring the portrait of Mao Zedong on the gate to the Forbidden City .	A haze resembling volcanic fumes enveloped the capital, causing a convulsive cough and obscuring the portrait of Mao Zedong at the gateway to the Forbidden City.
So severe are China 's environmental woes , especially the noxious air , that top government officials have been forced to openly acknowledge them .	China's environmental problems, especially its polluting air, are so severe that senior officials have been forced to admit them openly.
Fu Ying , the spokeswoman for the National People 's Congress , said she checked for smog every morning after opening her curtains and kept at home face masks for her daughter and herself .	Fu Ying, spokeswoman for the National People's Congress, said that every morning after opening her curtains, she checked for smog and kept face masks for her daughter and herself at home.
Li Keqiang , the new prime minister , said the air pollution had made him " quite upset " and vowed to " show even greater resolve and make more vigorous efforts " to clean it up .	Li Keqiang, the new premier, said air pollution had left him "pretty upset" and vowed to "show even greater resolve and make more vigorous efforts" to eradicate the problem.
Last month , after deadly air pollution hit record levels in northern China , officials led byWen Jiabao , then the prime minister , put forward strict new fuel standards that the oil companies had blocked for years .	Last month, after deadly air pollution in northern China reached record levels, officials led by then-Premier Wen Jiabao unveiled tough new fuel standards that oil companies had blocked for years.
But there are doubts about whether the oil companies will comply , especially since oil officials resisted a similar government order for higher-grade fuel four years ago .	But there are doubts that oil companies will comply, especially since oil authorities opposed a similar government order for higher-grade fuel four years ago.
The companies regularly ignore government orders to upgrade coal-burning electricity plants , according to ministry data .	The companies routinely ignore government orders to modernize coal-fired power plants, according to the ministry.
And as with the oil companies , the power companies exert an outsize influence over environmental policy debates .	And, as with oil companies, energy companies exert an outsized influence on environmental policy debates.
In 2011 , during a round of discussions over stricter emissions standards , the China Electricity Council , which represents the companies , pushed back hard against the proposals , saying that the costs of upgrading the plants would be too high .	In 2011, during a panel discussion on stricter emissions standards, the China Electricity Council, which represents the companies, vehemently opposed the proposals, saying that the cost of modernizing the plants was too high.
On Feb. 28 , Deutsche Bank released an analysts ' note saying that China 's current economic policies would result in an enormous surge in coal consumption and automobile sales over the next decade .	On February 28, Deutsche Bank issued an analyst note saying that China's current economic policies would lead to a huge increase in coal consumption and car sales over the next decade.
" China 's air pollution will become a lot worse from the already unbearable level , " the analysts said , calling for drastic policy changes and " a strong government will to overcome the opposition from interest groups . "	"China's air pollution will worsen significantly from the already intolerable levels," the analysts said, calling for drastic policy changes and "a strong will on the part of the government to overcome opposition from interest groups."
The report estimated that the number of passenger cars in China was on track to hit 400 million by 2030 , up from 90 million now .	The report projects that the number of passenger cars in China will rise to 400 million by 2030, up from 90 million today.
A Cyprus exit from the euro union , if it comes to that , would have a devastating effect on the country 's citizens , who are among the most indebted in the euro zone .	Should this happen, Cyprus's exit from the euro union would have a devastating impact on the country's citizens, who are among the most indebted in the eurozone.
ut for the broader financial system in Europe , the losses resulting from a Cypriot banking collapse and the country 's return to its former currency would be minimal compared with the havoc that Greece would have created had it not been bailed out .	The losses resulting from the collapse of Cypriot banks and the country's return to its former currency would be minimal compared to the chaos that Greece would have caused if it had not been bailed out.
And that , economists and investors contend , is why Germany and its Dutch stalking horse , Jeroen Dijsselbloem , the president of the Eurogroup of finance ministers , were so adamant that depositors - large and small , Cypriot and Russian - contribute 5.8 billion euros ( $ 7.5 billion ) toward the 10 billion euro bailout of Cyprus 's largest banks .	And that, economists and investors argue, is why Germany and its Dutch stalking horse, Jeroen Dijsselbloem, the chairman of the Eurogroup of finance ministers, insisted so persistently that depositors - large and small, Cypriot and Russian - contribute 5.8 billion to bail out Cyprus's largest banks, amounting to 10 billion.
Greece may well have been too big to fail last year , but Cyprus , which creates less than one-half percent of the euro zone 's gross domestic product , is certainly not .	Greece may have been too big to fail last year, but Cyprus, which accounts for less than half a percent of the eurozone's gross domestic product, is certainly not.
Only Ireland , still struggling to recover from the banking collapse that required an international bailout in 2010 , has a higher debt-to-G.D.P. ratio among euro zone countries .	Only Ireland, which is still struggling to recover from the banking collapse that required an international bailout in 2010, has a higher debt-to-GDP ratio among eurozone countries.
As debts in Europe mount in inverse proportion to the ability of its citizens , companies and governments to make good on them , the view is forming in Berlin and Brussels that a signal must be sent that citizens and investors must start accepting losses for the euro zone to survive in the long run .	As debt in Europe rises in inverse proportion to the ability of its citizens, businesses, and governments to pay it, a view is emerging in Berlin and Brussels that a signal must be sent that citizens and investors must begin to accept losses for the eurozone's long-term survival.
" There have been too many bailouts in Europe ; it 's time to remove the air bags , " said Stephen Jen , a former economist at the International Monetary Fund who runs a hedge fund in London .	"There have been too many bailouts in Europe; it's time to remove the airbags," said Stephen Jen, a former economist at the International Monetary Fund who runs a hedge fund in London.
" This is not a Lehman , " he said , referring to the disastrous chain reaction touched off by the collapse of Lehman Brothers in 2008 .	"This is not Lehman," he said, alluding to the catastrophic chain reaction triggered by the collapse of Lehman Brothers in 2008.
Eric Dor is a French economist who has studied the mechanics of how a country might remove itself from the monetary union .	Eric Dor is a French economist who has studied the mechanisms by which a country might withdraw from the monetary union.
Estimates of the potential cost if Greece had been forced into a disorderly euro exit have ranged from 200 billion euros to 800 billion euros , given the larger exposure that the European Central Bank and European banks had to the country .	Estimates of the potential cost of forcing Greece into a disorderly exit from the euro have varied between 200 billion and 800 billion, given the greater exposure of the European Central Bank and European banks to the country.
" This explains why Germany and others are putting so much pressure on Cyprus , " said Mr. Dor , head of research at the Ieseg School of Management in Lille , France .	"This explains why Germany and others are putting so much pressure on Cyprus," said Dor, head of research at the Ieseg School of Management in Lille, France.
" They are saying we can take the risk of pushing Cyprus out of the euro zone , and that Europe can take the losses without going broke . "	"They say that we can take the risk of pushing Cyprus out of the eurozone and that Europe can bear the losses without going bust."
Mr. Dor notes that the current euro zonewide system of insuring bank deposits up to 100,000 euros was put in place after the financial panic that followed the Lehman collapse .	Mr Dor points out that the current zone-wide system for protecting bank deposits up to 100,000 was introduced after the financial panic following the Lehman collapse.
Those deposits are supposed to be insured by national governments .	These deposits will be insured by national governments.
So when the president of Cyprus admitted this week that his country did not have the money to backstop the 30 billion euros of guaranteed bank deposits - a figure greater than the Cypriot economy itself - a crucial bond of trust between a government and its citizens was snapped .	When the President of Cyprus admitted this week that his country did not have the money to secure 30 billion in guaranteed bank deposits - a figure larger than the Cypriot economy itself - a crucial bond of trust between a government and its citizens was torn.
" It is the first time ever that the leader of a euro zone country has admitted that he could not afford to pay the guarantee , " Mr. Dor said .	"It is the first time ever that the leader of a eurozone country has admitted that he could not afford to pay the guarantee," Dor said.
A hasty expulsion from the euro zone would make the savings of the Cypriot people all the more evanescent , once they are converted back into Cypriot pounds , the currency Cyprus used before adopting the euro in 2007 .	A hasty exit from the eurozone would make Cypriot people's savings all the more volatile once they are converted back into Cypriot pounds, the currency that Cyprus used before the introduction of the euro in 2007.
Former President Nicolas Sarkozy was informed Thursday that he would face a formal investigation into whether he abused the frailty of Liliane Bettencourt , 90 , the heiress to the L'Oreal fortune and France 's richest woman , to get funds for his 2007 presidential campaign .	Former President Nicolas Sarkozy was informed Thursday that he faces a formal investigation into whether he misused the weakness of Liliane Bettencourt, 90, the heiress to the L'Oreal fortune and France's richest woman, to raise money for his 2007 presidential campaign.
Mr. Sarkozy has denied accepting illegal campaign funds from Ms. Bettencourt , either personally or through his party treasurer at the time , Eric Woerth , as alleged by her former butler .	Sarkozy has denied accepting illegal campaign funds from Bettencourt, either personally or through his then party treasurer Eric Woerth, as alleged by her former butler.
Mr. Sarkozy 's lawyer , Thierry Herzog , called the judge 's decision , which indicates that the judge believes that Mr. Sarkozy probably committed a crime , " incoherent " and " unjust . "	Sarkozy's lawyer, Thierry Herzog, called the judge's decision, which indicates that the judge believes Sarkozy likely committed a crime, "incoherent" and "unjust."
The lawyer said he would appeal .	The lawyer said he would appeal.
The ruling does not necessarily mean that Mr. Sarkozy , who lost his re-election bid last May and with it his presidential immunity from prosecution , will stand trial .	The ruling does not necessarily mean that Mr Sarkozy, who lost his re-election last May and thus his presidential immunity from prosecution, will be brought to justice.
An hour before her colleagues gathered for their first vote of a new Congress , Senator Kelly Ayotte slipped into an empty Senate chamber to savor the grandeur of her legislative home .	An hour before her colleagues gathered for the first vote of a new Congress, Sen. Kelly Ayotte slipped into an empty Senate chamber to enjoy the splendor of her legislative home.
As Ms. Ayotte , a freshman Republican from New Hampshire , sat down at the wooden desk where generations of lawmakers from her state had cast their votes , a doorman marched toward her with purpose .	As Ms. Ayotte, an aspiring Republican from New Hampshire, sat down at the wooden desk where generations of lawmakers from her state had cast their ballots, a bouncer marched purposefully toward her.
The desks , he sternly told her , were for senators only .	The desks, he told her sternly, were for senators only.
Ms. Ayotte 's induction that January day in 2011 into the most rarefied ranks of the nation 's political class , female senators , had begun .	On that January day in 2011, Ayotte was inducted into the rarest ranks of the country's political class, namely female senators.
" The desk thing really stuck with me , " Ms. Ayotte said .	"The desk thing really stuck with me," Ayotte said.
In the 90 years since Rebecca Felton of Georgia became the first woman in the United States Senate - sworn in for a mere 24 hours - women remain an anomaly in the upper chamber .	In the 90 years since Rebecca Felton of Georgia became the first woman in the US Senate - sworn in just 24 hours - women remain an anomaly in the House of Lords.
But with 20 female senators now in office , an all-time high , women have morphed from the curiosity they were for much of the 20th century into an important new force on key committees and legislation .	But now that 20 female senators are in office, an all-time high, women have gone from the curiosity they exercised for much of the twentieth century to an important new force in key committees and legislation.
For the first time there is a woman - Senator Barbara A. Mikulski , a Maryland Democrat - in charge of the Senate Appropriations Committee , which dispenses billions of dollars annually throughout the government and has long been particularly dominated by men .	For the first time, a woman - Senator Barbara A. Mikulski, a Democrat from Maryland - heads the Senate Budget Committee, which distributes billions of dollars annually to the government and has long been dominated by men.
Senator Patty Murray , a Washington Democrat , is the first chairwoman of the Budget Committee and is charged with shaping the Democratic strategy in the fiscal battle dominating Capitol Hill .	Senator Patty Murray, a Democrat from Washington, is the first chairwoman of the Budget Committee and tasked with shaping Democratic strategy in the budget fight on Capitol Hill.
One of the biggest bills to pass the Senate last year was farm legislation led by Senator Debbie Stabenow , a Michigan Democrat who presides over the agriculture committee .	One of the biggest bills that passed the Senate last year was farm legislation led by Senator Debbie Stabenow, a Michigan Democrat who chairs the Agriculture Committee.
Senator Barbara Boxer , the California Democrat who is chairwoman of the Environment and Public Works Committee , shepherded the highway bill .	Senator Barbara Boxer, the California Democrat who chairs the Environment and Public Works Committee, has pushed the highway bill.
" We are growing in number , " said Senator Amy Klobuchar , Democrat of Minnesota .	"We're getting more and more numerous," said Senator Amy Klobuchar, Democrat of Minnesota.
" But more importantly , we are growing in our power .	'But more importantly, we're growing in power.
When I first started just six years ago , it was unusual to have a woman managing a bill . "	When I started only six years ago, it was unusual for a woman to manage a bill. "
Just as important , even male senators say , is the potential the women hold for changing the tenor of the Senate and pushing for compromise in the highly partisan atmosphere on Capitol Hill .	Equally important, even male senators say, is the potential for women to change the tenor of the Senate and push for compromise in the highly partisan atmosphere on Capitol Hill.
" I do n't want to generalize , because this is n't true of all of them , but they tend to be interested in finding common ground , " said Senator Rob Portman , Republican of Ohio .	"I don't want to generalize because that doesn't apply to everyone, but they tend to find common ground," said Senator Rob Portman, Republican of Ohio.
" So I think it 's going to have , and is having , a positive impact on the Senate . "	'So I think it's going to have a positive impact on the Senate. '
While partisan division is the central characteristic of the modern Congress , women have begun to crack away at the gridlock by forming coalitions that have surprised leaders of both parties .	Though partisan division is the central feature of the modern Congress, women have begun to break out of gridlock by forming coalitions that have taken leaders of both parties by surprise.
Senator Kirsten E. Gillibrand , Democrat of New York , and Senator Susan Collins , Republican of Maine , led the repeal in the Senate of " do n't ask , do n't tell " in 2010 , allowing gay men and women to serve openly in the military .	Senator Kirsten E. Gillibrand, Democrat of New York, and Senator Susan Collins, Republican of Maine, led the Senate repeal of the "don't ask, don't tell" law in 2010, which allowed gay men and women to serve openly in the military.
This year , all four of the female Senate Republicans split with their party and voted with Senate Democrats to reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act , which had lapsed during the last Congress .	This year, all four Senate Republicans split from their party and voted with Senate Democrats to reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act, which expired during the last Congress.
But a powerful new type of computer that is about to be commercially deployed by a major American military contractor is taking computing into the strange , subatomic realm of quantum mechanics .	But a powerful new type of computer, about to be commercialized by a major American military company, is taking computer technology into the strange, subatomic realm of quantum mechanics.
But academic researchers and scientists at companies like Microsoft , I.B.M. and Hewlett-Packard have been working to develop quantum computers .	But academic researchers and scientists from companies such as Microsoft, I.B.M., and Hewlett-Packard are working on developing quantum computers.
Now , Lockheed Martin which bought an early version of such a computer from the Canadian company D-Wave Systems two years ago is confident enough in the technology to upgrade it to commercial scale , becoming the first company to use quantum computing as part of its business .	Lockheed Martin, which bought an early version of such a computer from Canada's D-Wave Systems two years ago, is confident enough to bring the technology to commercial scale and is the first company to use quantum computing as part of its business.
Skeptics say that D-Wave has yet to prove to outside scientists that it has solved the myriad challenges involved in quantum computation .	Skeptics say D-Wave has yet to prove to outside scientists that it has solved the myriad challenges of quantum computing.
But if it performs as Lockheed and D-Wave expect , the design could be used to supercharge even the most powerful systems , solving some science and business problems millions of times faster than can be done today .	But if it works as Lockheed and D-Wave expect, the design could be used to charge even the most powerful systems and solve some scientific and business problems millions of times faster than is possible today.
Ray Johnson , Lockheeds chief technical officer , said his company would use the quantum computer to create and test complex radar , space and aircraft systems .	Lockheed's chief technology officer Ray Johnson said his company will use the quantum computer to develop and test complex radar, space and aircraft systems.
It could be possible , for example , to tell instantly how the millions of lines of software running a network of satellites would react to a solar burst or a pulse from a nuclear explosion something that can now take weeks , if ever , to determine .	It might be possible, for example, to tell immediately how the millions of software lines running a satellite network would react to a solar flare or a nuclear explosion, which can now take weeks, if any, to determine.
Margalit Har-Shefi , 22 , has pleaded innocent to charges that she failed to report Yigal Amir 's plan to kill Rabin .	Margalit Har-Shefi, 22, has pleaded not guilty to failing to report Yigal Amir's plan to kill Rabin.
`` We do n't just arrive , '' said four-star Gen. John Dailey , assistant commandant of the U.S. Marine Corps .	"We don't just arrive," said four-star Gen. John Dailey, deputy commander of the U.S. Marine Corps.
In July last year in Phnom Penh , Cambodia 's capital , Second Prime Minister Hun Sen staged a successful coup d'etat against First Prime Minister Prince Norodom Ranariddh .	Last July, in Cambodia's capital Phnom Penh, Second Prime Minister Hun Sen staged a successful coup against First Prime Minister Prince Norodom Ranariddh.
Polls have shown public support for a republic increasing , rising from about 35 percent several years ago to about 51 percent this year , as pro-monarchist sentiment diminishes .	Polls show public support for a republic rising, from about 35 percent a few years ago to about 51 percent this year, as pro-monarchist sentiment wanes.
It - It just blew up in the air , and then we saw two fireballs go down to the , to the water , and there was a big small , ah , smoke , from ah , coming up from that .	It - It just exploded in the air, and then we saw two fireballs going down to the water, and there was a big little, ah, smoke coming out of it.
In nineteen ninety-one Charles Keating was convicted in state court of helping to defraud thousands of investors who bought high risk junk bonds sold by Keating 's employees at Lincoln savings and loan .	Ninety-nine years ago, Charles Keating was convicted in state court of aiding and abetting the fraud of thousands of investors who bought high-risk junk bonds sold by Keating's associates at Lincoln Savings and Loan.
The Foreign Office said it had informed the family of Howes , 37 years old when he was kidnapped , that he probably died within weeks or months of his capture on March 26 , 1996 .	The Foreign Office said it had informed the family of Howes, who was 37 at the time of his abduction, that he was likely to have died within weeks or months of his capture on 26 March 1996.
Iraq said the roundup was to protect them from unspecified threats ; British Foreign Office minister William Waldegrave called the order `` grave and sinister . ''	Iraq said the raid was intended to protect them from unspecified threats; British Foreign Secretary William Waldegrave called the order "serious and sinister."
In other developments : The Pentagon said that Defense Secretary Dick Cheney is considering urging Bush to order a national callup of armed forces reserves for active duty because of the drain on units sending soldiers abroad .	In other developments, the Pentagon said that Defense Secretary Dick Cheney is considering pressing Bush to order a national call-up of active-duty military reserves because the units that send soldiers abroad are overstretched.
No one was hurt , but firefighters ordered the evacuation of nearby homes and said they 'll monitor the shifting ground .	No one was injured, but firefighters ordered the evacuation of surrounding homes and said they were monitoring the changing terrain.
An intense manhunt conducted by the FBI and the bureau of alcohol , tobacco and firearms continues for Rudolph in the wilderness of western north Carolina .	An intense manhunt, conducted by the FBI and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms, continues for Rudolph in the wilderness of western North Carolina.
A CBS News report citing unidentified Jordanian sources said that Saddam 's message called for an international conference to be convened to discuss an Iraqi withdrawal from Kuwait .	A CBS News report, citing unidentified Jordanian sources, said Saddam's embassy is calling for an international conference to discuss an Iraqi withdrawal from Kuwait.
Har-Shefi said she heard Amir talk about killing Rabin but did not tell the police because she did not believe he was serious .	Har-Shefi said she heard Amir talk about killing Rabin but did not inform the police because she did not believe he was serious.
Keating 's convictions were thrown out in nineteen ninety-six on a technicality .	Nineteen of Keating's convictions were rejected on formal grounds.
The president also has offered to help offset Jordan 's costs because 40 percent of its exports go to Iraq and 90 percent of its oil comes from there .	The president has also offered to compensate Jordan, because 40 percent of its exports go to Iraq and 90 percent of its oil comes from there.
The company 's sales force applauded the shake up .	The company's sales force welcomed the shake-up.
`` Once again , I never asked anybody to do anything but tell the truth .	< p > Once again, I have not asked anyone to do anything but tell the truth.
Calling for an amended constitution with a new preamble , to be written by Australian poets , republican Janet Holmes a Court said , `` We need the smell of eucalyptus in this , and the feel of red dust . ''	Republican Janet Holmes a Court called for a constitutional amendment with a new preamble to be written by Australian poets: "We need the smell of eucalyptus in it and the feeling of red dust."
Yesterday New York governor George Pataki toured five counties that have been declared under a state of emergency .	Yesterday, New York Governor George Pataki visited five counties where a state of emergency was declared.
In addition to the estimated 45,000 Marines to ultimately be part of Operation Desert Shield , Stealth fighter planes and the aircraft carrier John F. Kennedy are also headed to Saudi Arabia to protect it from Iraqi expansionism .	In addition to the estimated 45,000 Marines who will eventually be part of Operation Desert Shield, stealth aircraft and the aircraft carrier John F. Kennedy will fly to Saudi Arabia to protect the country from Iraqi expansionism.
However , cited by District of Columbia traffic police in December for driving under the influence of alcohol , Farkas was ordered home and retired .	However, Farkas, who was charged by the District of Columbia traffic police in December with driving under the influence of alcohol, was ordered home and retired.
The rate for adult women rose 0.4 percent , to 4.4 percent .	For adult women, the rate rose 0.4 percent to 4.4 percent.
In a joint statement with Tourism Minister Andrew Thomson , it said two new flights would leave Bombay on Monday and Tuesday nights from March 30 , with the third departing each Thursday from August 6 .	A joint statement with Tourism Minister Andrew Thomson said two new flights would leave Bombay on Mondays and Tuesdays from 30 March and the third every Thursday from 6 August.
Gen. Nhek Bunchhay , a loyalist of ousted Cambodian Prime Minister Prince Norodom Ranariddh , said in an interview with The Associated Press at his hilltop headquarters that he hopes to recover the remains of Christopher Howes within the next two weeks .	Gen. Nhek Bunchhay, a loyalist of ousted Cambodian Prime Minister Prince Norodom Ranariddh, said in an interview with The Associated Press at his hilltop headquarters that he hoped to recover the remains of Christopher Howes within the next two weeks.
At a news conference , Secretary of State James A. Baker III said Jordan `` is seeking some guidance '' about a provision in the U.N. - backed trade embargo that allows food for humanitarian purposes .	At a news conference, Secretary of State James A. Baker III said Jordan was seeking "guidance" on a provision in the UN-backed trade embargo that allows food for humanitarian purposes.
With potential inflation counterbalanced by worries about possible price declines , the Fed and its chairman , Alan Greenspan , have suggested that they intend to keep interest rates unchanged until the economy tilts clearly in one direction or another .	With potential inflation offset by worries about possible price declines, the Fed and its chairman, Alan Greenspan, have indicated that they intend to leave interest rates unchanged until the economy clearly tilts one way or the other.
Prime Minister John Howard , a monarchist himself , promised to put the question to a national referendum next year after convention delegates voted 89-52 for a republic , with 11 abstentions .	Prime Minister John Howard, himself a monarchist, promised to put the issue to a national referendum next year after delegates to Congress voted 89-52 in favor of a republic with 11 abstentions.
Kuchma also planned to visit Russian gas giant Gazprom , most likely to discuss Ukraine 's dlrs 1.2 billion debt to the company .	Kuchma also wanted to visit Russian gas giant Gazprom, likely to discuss Ukraine's $1.2 billion debt to the company.
The move seemed aimed at heading off more trouble with Iran , which had condemned Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait on Aug. 2 but also criticized the multinational force dispatched to Saudi Arabia .	The move appeared aimed at averting further trouble with Iran, which condemned Iraq's August 2 invasion of Kuwait but also criticized multinational troops sent to Saudi Arabia.
`` The idea of a republic will fall to dust through the grace of almighty God . ''	"The idea of a republic will crumble to dust by the grace of Almighty God." "
The US military buildup in the Persian gulf continues apace , more planes headed from the united states and senior officials say Iraq 's president Saddam Hussein can expect punishing air strikes to continue well into the future if he does n't stop building biological and chemical weapons .	The US military buildup in the Persian Gulf is progressing rapidly, with more aircraft from the United States and senior officials saying Iraqi President Saddam Hussein can expect punishing air strikes to continue well into the future unless he stops building biological and chemical weapons.
The figures showed the unemployment rate for adult men declined to 3.8 percent last month from 4.1 percent in December , the lowest figure for almost two decades .	The adult male unemployment rate fell to 3.8 percent last month from 4.1 percent in December, the lowest level in nearly two decades, according to the data.
Banks remained closed .	Banks remained closed.
Qantas ' India manager Khursheed Lam said the airline was working closely with the Australian Tourist Commission to develop greater awareness of Australia in the Indian market .	Qantas India manager Khursheed Lam said the airline was working closely with the Australian Tourist Commission to develop greater awareness of Australia in the Indian market.
Newspaper reports have said Amir was infatuated with Har-Shefi and may have been trying to impress her by killing the prime minister .	According to newspaper reports, Amir was in love with Har-Shefi and may have tried to impress her by killing the prime minister.
One of the scenarios widely advanced before the visit is that through the Pope , Cuba , still led by Castro , can begin a more productive relationship with the world .	One of the scenarios widely circulated before the visit is that Cuba, still led by Castro, can begin a more productive relationship with the world through the pope.
By mid afternoon , official Serb sources were saying the operation was over , but that has not yet been confirmed from Belgrade , the capital of Serbia , which is where the whole attack is thought to have been planned .	By the afternoon, official Serbian sources said that the operation was over, but this has not yet been confirmed from Belgrade, the capital of Serbia, where the entire attack is said to have been planned.
Many NASA watchers say female astronauts have become part of the agency 's routine .	Many NASA observers say female astronauts have become part of the agency's routine.
No one held her back .	No one held them back.
In January this year , British police officers who had been searching for Howes concluded he had probably been killed soon after being captured .	In January this year, British police searching for Howes concluded that he had probably been killed shortly after his capture.
A small hardcore group under Pol Pot continued to hold out at their headquarters at Anlong Veng in northern Cambodia near the Thai border .	A small hardcore group led by Pol Pot remained at their headquarters in Anlong Veng in northern Cambodia, near the Thai border.
Air Force Lieutenant Colonel Eileen Collins will be named commander of the Space Shuttle Columbia for a mission in December .	Air Force Lt. Col. Eileen Collins is named commander of the space shuttle Columbia for a mission in December.
In an interview from Jordan on ABC , he declined to discuss details , but said : `` I do n't think that his majesty would be traveling at this crucial moment if the Iraqi leadership did not have a rational approach to the future . ''	In an interview with Jordanian broadcaster ABC, he declined to discuss details, but said: "I don't think His Majesty would travel at this crucial moment if the Iraqi leadership didn't have a rational approach to the future."
Crown Prince Hassan , King Hussein 's brother and political adviser , was asked today about the message the king was said to be carrying .	Crown Prince Hassan, King Hussein's brother and political adviser, was asked today about the message the king is said to be delivering.
`` The type of lifestyle these women have is extremely dangerous , '' she said .	"These women's lifestyles are extremely dangerous," she said.
In the largest U.S. military operation since Vietnam , an estimated 20,000 American GIs have already massed to defend Saudi Arabia .	In the largest US military operation since Vietnam, an estimated 20,000 American GIs have already gathered to defend Saudi Arabia.
In another mediation effort , the Soviet Union said today it had sent an envoy to the Middle East on a series of stops to include Baghdad .	In a further attempt at mediation, the Soviet Union announced today that it had sent an envoy to the Middle East to involve Baghdad.
People have predicted his demise so many times , and the US has tried to hasten it on several occasions .	People have predicted its demise so many times, and the US has tried several times to hasten it.
The reason , authorities have discovered tantalizing new evidence .	The reason: The authorities have uncovered tantalizing new evidence.
Both U.S. and British officials filed objections to the court 's jurisdiction in 1995 , claiming Security Council resolutions imposed on Lybia to force the suspects ' extradition overruled a 1971 Convention which gives Libya the right to try the men .	Both US and British officials objected to the court's jurisdiction in 1995, claiming that Security Council resolutions imposed on Libya to force the extradition of the suspects invalidated a 1971 convention giving Libya the right to bring the men to justice.
Bush also said Thursday that King Hussein assured him Jordan would close the last remaining free port to most Iraqi trade as the economic embargo on materials to Iraq continued unabated .	Bush also said Thursday that King Hussein had assured him that Jordan would close the last remaining free port for most of Iraq's trade as the economic embargo on materials to Iraq continues unabated.
And the weakness of the Asian economies is also likely to lead to decreased demand for American exports .	And the weakness of Asian economies is also likely to lead to a decline in demand for American exports.
In another mediation effort , the Soviet Union said today it had sent an envoy to the Middle East on a series of stops to include Baghdad .	In a further attempt at mediation, the Soviet Union announced today that it had sent an envoy to the Middle East to involve Baghdad.
Blassie 's mother now wants the remains in the tomb tested for DNA .	Blassie's mother now wants the remains in the grave to be tested for DNA.
Worries however grew about the safety of Americans and other Westerners trapped in Kuwait .	Concern grew, however, for the safety of Americans and other Westerners stranded in Kuwait.
Everyone appears to believe that somehow Cuba is going to change .	Everyone seems to believe that Cuba will somehow change.
No one held her back .	No one held them back.
At one point , when it became clear controllers could not contact the plane , someone said a prayer .	At one point, when it became clear that air traffic controllers could not reach the plane, someone said a prayer.
`` No one wants to stay in Lebanon ; thus we think it better to withdraw . ''	"Nobody wants to stay in Lebanon, so we think it would be better to withdraw." "
The Islamic Saudi Academy has twelve hundred mostly American students but would take thirty-five hundred if it had the room .	The Saudi Islamic Academy has twelve hundred mostly American students, but would accommodate thirty-five hundred if it had the space.
`` If the Lebanese government will cooperate with us in making appropriate security arrangements in south Lebanon , we will be happy to get out of Lebanon in the framework of implementation of U.N. Resolution 425 , '' Netanyahu told his ministers .	"If the Lebanese government cooperates with us to take appropriate security precautions in southern Lebanon, we will gladly leave Lebanon as part of the implementation of UN Resolution 425," Netanyahu told his ministers.
Palace inspections are not expected to start until the new agreement 's procedures are in place .	Inspections of the palaces are not expected to begin until the procedures of the new agreement are in place.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu told his Cabinet on Sunday that Israel was willing to withdraw from southern Lebanon provided Israel 's northern frontier could be secured .	Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu told his cabinet on Sunday that Israel was ready to withdraw from southern Lebanon if Israel's northern border could be secured.
We are Irish citizens , living in our own country , '' Adams said , adding : `` Nationalists want to move towards Irish unity and see this process as a bridge in that direction . ''	We are Irish citizens living in our own country, "Adams said, adding:" Nationalists want to move towards Irish unity and see this process as a bridge in that direction. "
The action followed by one day an Intelogic announcement that it will retain an investment banker to explore alternatives " to maximize shareholder value , " including the possible sale of the company .	The move followed Intelogic's announcement that it would retain an investment banker to explore alternatives "to maximize shareholder value," including a possible sale of the company.
The discovery appeared to be the latest attempt by extremists opposed to the IRA 's 8-month-old truce to undermine the peace process , set to resume Monday in Belfast .	The discovery appeared to be the latest attempt by extremists opposed to the IRA's eight-month-old ceasefire to undermine the peace process, which is due to resume in Belfast on Monday.
Health and Human Services Secretary Do - Donna Shalala says patients who need an organ transplant should not have to take a chance that an organ will become available in their local area , nor should patients have to travel to transplant centers far from their homes to improve their chances of getting an organ .	Do - Donna Shalala, Secretary of Health and Human Services, says that patients who need an organ transplant should not take the risk of an organ becoming available in their area, nor should patients have to travel to transplant centers far from home to improve their chances of getting an organ.
Uri Lubrani , Israel 's top official for Lebanon affairs , also suggested Israel was willing to modify its political goals in Lebanon .	Uri Lubrani, Israel's top official for Lebanon affairs, also hinted that Israel was ready to change its policy objectives in Lebanon.
JERUSALEM ( AP ) _ Top Israeli officials sent strong new signals Sunday that Israel wants to withdraw from southern Lebanon , where a costly war of attrition has been steadily claiming soldiers ' lives .	JERUSALEM (AP) - Top Israeli officials sent strong new signals Sunday that Israel wants to withdraw from southern Lebanon, where a costly war of attrition continues to cost soldiers their lives.
The newspaper , quoting `` secret reports , '' said Syria had indicated its interest in resuming talks in remarks made last week by the Syrian ambassador to Washington , Walid Mualem , in a lecture to a closed forum in Baltimore .	The newspaper cited "secret reports" that Syria had expressed interest in resuming talks in remarks made last week by Syria's ambassador to Washington, Walid Mualem, in a speech to a closed forum in Baltimore.
The application will create the necessary framework and infrastructure to support electronic commerce ( e-commerce ) initiatives in the country .	The application will provide the necessary framework and infrastructure to support e-commerce initiatives in the country.
`` No one wants to stay in Lebanon ; thus we think it better to withdraw . ''	"Nobody wants to stay in Lebanon, so we think it would be better to withdraw." "
But the north 's pro-British Protestant majority is bitterly opposed to uniting Ireland and instead wants a strong government for Northern Ireland , which has been ruled directly by London since 1972 .	But the pro-British Protestant majority in the north is strongly opposed to Irish unification and instead wants a strong government for Northern Ireland, which has been directly ruled by London since 1972.
An Iraqi official , speaking on customary condition of anonymity , said Ritter would not try to visit any of the eight presidential sites that Baghdad had placed off-limits to U.N. weapons inspectors .	An Iraqi government official, speaking on customary condition of anonymity, said Knight would not try to visit any of the eight presidential sites that Baghdad had barred U.N. weapons inspectors from visiting.
Law enforcement authorities say such reports are likely to increase as police departments are now beginning to more accurately report hate crimes than they have in the past .	Law enforcement officials say such reports are likely to increase as police departments begin to report hate crimes more accurately than in the past.
The Iraqi leader , in an " initiative " designed as much to rally Arab public opinion as to launch meaningful negotiations , announced yesterday that he will withdraw his troops from Kuwait only if Israel withdraws from the West Bank and Syria from Lebanon .	The Iraqi leader announced yesterday, in an "initiative" aimed both at mobilizing Arab public opinion and launching meaningful negotiations, that he would withdraw his troops from Kuwait only if Israel withdrew from the West Bank and Syria withdrew from Lebanon.
`` If the Lebanese government will cooperate with us in making appropriate security arrangements in south Lebanon , we will be happy to get out of Lebanon in the framework of implementation of U.N. Resolution 425 , '' Netanyahu told his ministers .	"If the Lebanese government cooperates with us to take appropriate security precautions in southern Lebanon, we will gladly leave Lebanon as part of the implementation of UN Resolution 425," Netanyahu told his ministers.
That 1978 resolution calls for Israel 's unconditional withdrawal from the self-declared security zone it occupies in south Lebanon , and for the deployment of the Lebanese army and U.N. forces to ensure security along the Lebanese-Israeli border .	This 1978 resolution calls for Israel's unconditional withdrawal from the self-proclaimed security zone it occupies in southern Lebanon and for the deployment of the Lebanese army and UN troops to ensure security along the Lebanese-Israeli border.
The Israelis suffered a record 39 deaths in southern Lebanon last year .	Israelis suffered a record 39 deaths in southern Lebanon last year.
The newspaper , quoting `` secret reports , '' said Syria had indicated its interest in resuming talks in remarks made last week by the Syrian ambassador to Washington , Walid Mualem , in a lecture to a closed forum in Baltimore .	The newspaper cited "secret reports" that Syria had expressed interest in resuming talks in remarks made last week by Syria's ambassador to Washington, Walid Mualem, in a speech to a closed forum in Baltimore.
JERUSALEM ( AP ) _ Taking the stand in her own defense , a friend of Yitzhak Rabin 's assassin said Friday that she regretted calling the prime minister a traitor and praying for his death .	JERUSALEM (AP) - A friend of Yitzhak Rabin's assassin spoke out Friday in her own defense, saying she regretted calling the prime minister a traitor and praying for his death.
Margalit Har-Shefi , 22 , has pleaded innocent to charges that she failed to report Yigal Amir 's plan to kill Rabin .	Margalit Har-Shefi, 22, has pleaded not guilty to failing to report Yigal Amir's plan to kill Rabin.
She took the stand for more than four hours Friday in a Tel Aviv magistrate 's court .	She stood in a Tel Aviv court for more than four hours on Friday.
Amir , 27 , is serving a life sentence for the November 1995 assassination of Rabin at a Tel Aviv peace rally .	Amir, 27, is serving a life sentence for killing Rabin at a peace rally in Tel Aviv in November 1995.
Newspaper reports have said Amir was infatuated with Har-Shefi and may have been trying to impress her by killing the prime minister .	According to newspaper reports, Amir was in love with Har-Shefi and may have tried to impress her by killing the prime minister.
Har-Shefi acknowledged she told police interrogators that Rabin was a traitor and that she prayed for him to have a heart attack and die .	Har-Shefi admitted that she told police interrogators that Rabin was a traitor and that she prayed that he would suffer a heart attack and die.
She said Rabin 's murder was `` a black stain on Israel , '' Israel radio and Israel army radio reported .	She said Rabin's assassination was "a black mark on Israel," Israeli radio and army radio reported.
Har-Shefi said she heard Amir talk about killing Rabin but did not tell the police because she did not believe he was serious .	Har-Shefi said she heard Amir talk about killing Rabin but did not inform the police because she did not believe he was serious.
Instead , she turned to her community rabbi in the Jewish West Bank settlement of Beit El and told him about Amir 's statements .	Instead, she turned to her community rabbi in the Jewish settlement of Beit El in the West Bank and told him about Amir's statements.
The rabbi said called the talk about killing Rabin `` nonsense , '' and said Jews are prohibited from killing one another , the radio reports said .	The rabbi called talk of Rabin's killing "nonsense" and said Jews should not kill each other, the radio reports said.
Har-Shefi described Amir as an `` original thinker , '' as well as delusional and a liar .	Har-Shefi described Amir as an "original thinker," "delusional and a liar."
She also denied accusations made by Amir 's brother , Hagai , that she joined an anti-Arab underground movement .	She also rejected accusations by Amir's brother Hagai that she had joined an anti-Arab underground movement.
She said she gave the Amir brothers false information regarding the location of a weapons and ammunition cache when they asked her to help organize such a movement .	She said she gave the Amir brothers false information about the location of a cache of weapons and ammunition when they asked her to help organize such a movement.
Despite the recent possibility of military conflict with Iraq , oil prices have been falling , that 's because of a worldwide glut of oil .	Despite the recent possibility of military conflict with Iraq, oil prices have fallen, owing to a global oil glut.
Now with a diplomatic solution to the crisis seemingly at hand , get set for oil prices from the Brent north sea variety to light swede crude to fall further .	With a diplomatic solution to the crisis seemingly within reach, oil prices should fall further from the North Sea Brent to light Swedish crude.
Oil prices have come down from the middle of October from a twenty-two dollar barrel level down to the fourteen dollars we 're seeing today .	Oil prices have fallen from a level of $22 a barrel in mid-October to the $14 we are seeing today.
That 's built up a heck of a momentum and that momentum will look to increase .	This has built up a momentum of its own, and this momentum will only intensify.
Ah next up is that thirteen dollar a barrel level we saw in the winter of nineteen ninety-four .	Oh, and then there is the level of thirteen dollars a barrel that we saw in the winter of ninety-four.
Weakened oil prices have already made life easier for motorists at the gas pump .	Weakened oil prices have already made life easier for motorists at the pump.
Gas prices fell nearly two cents a gallon over the last two weeks .	Gas prices have fallen nearly two cents a gallon in the past two weeks.
That according to the Lundberg survey of ten thousand gas stations nationwide .	That's according to the Lundberg survey of tens of thousands of gas stations nationwide.
NEW YORK _ A Brooklyn woman who was watching her clothes dry in a laundromat was killed Thursday evening when two would-be robbers emptied their pistols into the store , the police said .	NEW YORK _ A Brooklyn woman who saw her clothes dry in a laundromat was killed Thursday night when two would-be robbers emptied their guns into the store, police said.
The men appeared in the store at 469 Vermont St. in Brownsville around 7:15 p.m. , after the victim , Linda Sanders , 35 , had finished her cleaning and was waiting for her clothes to dry , detectives said .	The men appeared at the store at 469 Vermont St. in Brownsville about 7: 15 p.m. after the victim, Linda Sanders, 35, had finished cleaning and was waiting for her clothes to dry, investigators said.
`` It looks as though they panicked , '' a detective , speaking on condition of anonymity , said of the robbers .	"It looks like they panicked," one detective, who wished to remain anonymous, said of the robbers.
`` They intended to rob the place .	They planned to rob the place.
There were four or five people inside , and they just started firing . ''	There were four or five people in there and they just started shooting. ""
Ms. Sanders was hit several times and was pronounced dead at the scene .	Sanders was hit several times and pronounced dead at the scene.
The other customers fled , and the police said it did not appear that anyone else was injured .	The other customers fled, but no one was injured, police said.
The men took no money from their victim or from the establishment , said Detective Joseph Pentangelo , a Police Department spokesman .	The men did not take any money from their victim or the establishment, said Detective Joseph Pentangelo, a spokesman for the police department.
Victor Miranda , who lives in Ms. Sanders ' apartment building at 405 Williams Ave. , said the laundry machines in the building were removed a few years ago to make room for management offices .	Victor Miranda, who lives in Ms. Sanders's home at 405 Williams Ave., said the washing machines in the building were removed a few years ago to make room for administrative offices.
The British government has formally called for Sinn Fein , the IRA 's political wing , to be expelled from the multiparty peace talks on northern Ireland .	The British Government has officially called for Sinn Fein, the political wing of the IRA, to be excluded from multi-party peace talks on Northern Ireland.
The move had been widely expected after northern Ireland police said they believe the IRA was behind two killings in Belfast last week .	The move had been widely expected after the Police Service of Northern Ireland said it believed the IRA was behind two murders in Belfast last week.
Sinn Fein chairman Mitchell McLaughlin says the party will challenge the move by legal means if they have to .	Sinn Fein leader Mitchell McLaughlin said the party would challenge the move by legal means if necessary.
We 're going to fight it .	We will fight them.
And uh we 've already challenged , very strongly , the uh the terms in which this has been presented .	And, erm, we have already very strongly questioned the conditions under which this was presented.
But we 're challenging it on the ground that uh the RUC uh have offered an opinion , and this opinion is going to be used as a mechanism for ejecting us from the talks , and uh that 's a very serious .	But we question it on the grounds that the RUC has, er, issued a statement, and that statement will be used as a mechanism to exclude us from the talks, and erm, that is very serious.
Any decision to expel Sinn Fein must be agreed jointly by the governments of both Britain and the Irish Republic .	Any decision to exclude Sinn Fein must be taken jointly by the governments of the United Kingdom and the Irish Republic.
The lights are out and the heat is off and those vital signs are not likely to change much over the next several days for p - people in parts of the northeastern US and eastern Canada .	The lights are out and the heat is out, and these vital signs are unlikely to change much for people in parts of the northeastern United States and eastern Canada over the next few days.
A powerful ice storm continues to maintain its grip .	A powerful ice storm continues to grip.
Yesterday New York governor George Pataki toured five counties that have been declared under a state of emergency .	Yesterday, New York Governor George Pataki visited five counties where a state of emergency was declared.
He added one more today .	He added another today.
Helicopters are flying over northern New York today trying to locate people stranded without food , heat or medicine .	Helicopters are flying over northern New York today trying to find people stranded without food, heat or medicine.
In Maine , about a half million people still do n't have power and they 're going to have to live without it for a while .	In Maine, about half a million people still have no electricity, and they will have to live without it for a while.
BUDAPEST , Hungary ( AP ) _ Tired of being sidelined , Hungarian astronaut Bertalan Farkas is leaving for the United States to start a new career , he said Saturday .	BUDAPEST, Hungary (AP) _ Hungarian astronaut Bertalan Farkas is tired of being marginalized and going to the United States to start a new career, he said Saturday.
`` Being 48 is too early to be retired , '' a fit-looking Farkas said on state TV 's morning talk show .	"At 48, it's too early to retire," a fit Farkas said on state television's morning talk show.
With American astronaut Jon McBride , Farkas set up an American-Hungarian joint venture called Orion 1980 , manufacturing space-travel related technology .	Together with the American astronaut Jon McBride, Farkas founded an American-Hungarian joint venture called Orion in 1980, which manufactures technologies for space travel.
Farkas will move to the company 's U.S. headquarters .	Farkas will move to the company's U.S. headquarters.
Farkas , an air force captain , was sent into space on board the Soyuz 36 on May 26 , 1980 .	Farkas, an Air Force captain, was sent into space aboard Soyuz 36 on May 26, 1980.
He spent six days aboard the Salyut 6 spacecraft with three Soviet astronauts , Valery Kubasov , Leonid Popov and Valery Riumin .	He spent six days aboard the Salyut 6 spacecraft with the three Soviet astronauts Valeri Kubasov, Leonid Popov and Valeri Ryumin.
McBride , 54 , of Lewisburg , West Virginia , was part of a seven-member crew aboard the Orbiter Challenger in October 1984 and later served as assistant administrator for congressional relations for NASA .	McBride, 54, of Lewisburg, West Virginia, was part of a seven-person crew aboard the orbiter Challenger in October 1984 and later served as NASA's deputy administrator for congressional relations.
Farkas expressed the hope he one day follow in the footsteps of fellow astronaut John Glenn , who at 77 is about to go into space again .	Farkas said he hopes to one day follow in the footsteps of fellow astronaut John Glenn, who at 77 is on the verge of returning to space.
On May 22 , 1995 , Farkas was made a brigadier general , and the following year he was appointed military attache at the Hungarian embassy in Washington .	On 22 May 1995, Farkas was appointed Brigadier General and, the following year, Military Attach at the Hungarian Embassy in Washington.
However , cited by District of Columbia traffic police in December for driving under the influence of alcohol , Farkas was ordered home and retired .	However, Farkas, who was charged by the District of Columbia traffic police in December with driving under the influence of alcohol, was ordered home and retired.
ISTANBUL , Turkey ( AP ) _ Some 1,500 ethnic Albanians marched Sunday in downtown Istanbul , burning Serbian flags to protest the killings of ethnic Albanians by Serb police in southern Serb Kosovo province .	ISTANBUL, Turkey (AP) _ About 1,500 ethnic Albanians marched in downtown Istanbul on Sunday, burning Serbian flags to protest the killing of ethnic Albanians by Serb police in the southern Serbian province of Kosovo.
The police barred the crowd from reaching the Yugoslavian consulate in downtown Istanbul , but allowed them to demonstrate on nearby streets .	Police prevented the crowd from reaching the Yugoslav consulate in downtown Istanbul, but allowed them to demonstrate on nearby streets.
`` Stop the bloodshed in Kosovo , '' the protesters chanted .	"Stop the bloodshed in Kosovo," protesters chanted.
Meanwhile in the capital , Ankara , a few hundred ethnic Albanians laid a black wreath at the gate of Yugoslavian embassy .	In the capital Ankara, meanwhile, a few hundred ethnic Albanians laid a black wreath at the gate of the Yugoslav Embassy.
Serbian police say they are trying to eliminate the pro-independence Kosovo Liberation Army and restore order .	The Serbian police say they are trying to eliminate the pro-independence Kosovo Liberation Army and restore order.
At least 51 people were reported killed in clashes between Serb police and ethnic Albanians in the troubled region in recent days .	Clashes between Serb police and ethnic Albanians in the troubled region have killed at least 51 people in recent days.
Turkey , worried about civil war in Kosovo spilling to the whole Balkans , urged all Balkan states to sign a joint declaration that the Kosovo crisis be solved peacefully and without any change of borders .	Concerned that the civil war in Kosovo could spread to the entire Balkans, Turkey called on all Balkan countries to sign a joint declaration to resolve the Kosovo crisis peacefully and without border changes.
MOSCOW ( AP ) _ Presidents Leonid Kuchma of Ukraine and Boris Yeltsin of Russia signed an economic cooperation plan Friday , and Yeltsin claimed they resolved even more nagging problems .	MOSCOW (AP) _ Presidents Leonid Kuchma of Ukraine and Boris Yeltsin of Russia signed an economic cooperation plan Friday, and Yeltsin claimed they had solved more nagging problems.
Russia and Ukraine share similar cultures and languages , and Ukraine was ruled from Moscow for centuries .	Russia and Ukraine share similar cultures and languages, and Ukraine has been ruled from Moscow for centuries.
But while the two Slavic neighbors see themselves as natural partners , their relations since the breakup of the Soviet Union have been bedeviled by a number of disputes _ Black Sea naval bases , border problems and Ukraine 's natural gas debts .	But, while the two Slavic neighbors see themselves as natural partners, their relations have been strained by a series of disputes since the Soviet Union's disintegration: Black Sea naval bases, border problems, and Ukraine's natural gas debt.
`` We have covered the entire list of questions and discussed how we will be tackling them , '' Yeltsin was quoted as saying by the ITAR-Tass news agency .	"We have covered the entire list of issues and discussed how we will address them," Yeltsin was quoted as saying by the ITAR-Tass news agency.
`` I must say there are no unsettled problems any more .	< unk > I have to say that there are no more unsolved problems.
We have solved them all . ''	We've solved them all. ""
But his sweeping statement contained no details , and gave no indication of how the disputes could be resolved .	But his full statement gave no details and gave no indication of how the disputes might be resolved.
Their solution would require a compromise between the two nations ' parliaments .	Their solution would require a compromise between the parliaments of the two nations.
A major dispute concerns a broad political treaty calling for border demarcation , which the two presidents signed last May .	A major point of contention is a comprehensive political treaty on demarcation, which the two presidents signed last May.
In effect , the treaty amounts to Russian recognition of Ukraine 's sovereignty and borders , and the Ukrainian parliament has already ratified it .	Indeed, the treaty amounts to Russia's recognition of Ukraine's sovereignty and borders, and the Ukrainian parliament has already ratified it.
However , Russia has stalled ratification , trying to tie it to an agreement that would permit the Russian navy to use a naval base on Ukraine 's Crimean peninsula for at least 20 more years .	But Russia has blocked ratification, trying to tie it to an agreement that would allow the Russian navy to use a naval base on Ukraine's Crimean peninsula for at least another 20 years.
In their joint statement issued after the talks , Yeltsin and Kuchma called for the fastest possible ratification of the treaty , saying it would create a `` strong legal foundation '' for bilateral ties and help stability in Europe .	In their joint statement issued after the talks, Yeltsin and Kuchma called for ratification of the treaty as soon as possible, which would create a "strong legal basis" for bilateral relations and contribute to stability in Europe.
Kuchma assured Yeltsin that Ukraine would not join NATO , Yeltsin 's spokesman Sergei Yastrzhembsky said , according to the Interfax news agency .	Kuchma had assured Yeltsin that Ukraine would not join NATO, Yeltsin's spokesman Sergei Yastrzhembski said, according to the Interfax news agency.
The Russian leadership has staunchly opposed the western alliance 's expansion into Eastern Europe .	Russia's leaders have staunchly opposed the Western alliance's expansion into Eastern Europe.
In their joint statement , released by the Kremlin , the two leaders also pledged to consult each other regularly on their approaches to relations with NATO and , in particular , their action within the framework of NATO 's Partnership for Peace program .	In their joint statement issued by the Kremlin, the two Heads of State also undertook to consult regularly on their approaches to relations with NATO, and in particular on their actions under NATO's Partnership for Peace programme.
Last year , Russian officials assailed Ukraine for holding joint naval exercises with NATO in the Black Sea _ an area Moscow considers its own turf .	Last year, Russian officials attacked Ukraine for holding joint naval exercises with NATO in the Black Sea - an area Moscow considers its own territory.
Kuchma has said repeatedly that Ukraine would remain neutral for the foreseeable future .	Kuchma has repeatedly said that Ukraine will remain neutral for the foreseeable future.
Yeltsin and Kuchma also called for developing the stagnant relations between the members of the Commonwealth of Independent States , a loose coalition of former Soviet republics .	Yeltsin and Kuchma also called for the development of stagnant relations between members of the Commonwealth of Independent States, a loose coalition of former Soviet republics.
In the past , Russia has often claimed that Ukraine was undermining efforts at closer cooperation within the CIS .	In the past, Russia has often claimed that Ukraine is undermining efforts for closer cooperation within the CIS.
A major goal of Kuchma 's four-day state visit was the signing of a 10-year economic program aimed at doubling the two nations ' trade turnover , which fell to dlrs 14 billion last year , down dlrs 2.5 billion from 1996 .	A key goal of Kuchma's four-day state visit was to sign a 10-year economic program aimed at doubling the two nations "trade turnover, which fell to $14 billion last year from $2.5 billion in 1996.
The two presidents on Friday signed the plan , which calls for cooperation in the metallurgy , fuel , energy , aircraft building , missile , space and chemical industries .	The two presidents signed the plan on Friday, which provides for cooperation in the fields of metallurgy, fuel, energy, aircraft construction, rocket, space and chemical industries.
A major project is joint manufacturing of An-70 cargo planes , the Kremlin statement said .	A major project is the joint production of An-70 cargo planes, the Kremlin statement said.
The program also calls for coordination of economic reforms and joint improvement of social programs in the two countries , where many people have become impoverished during the chaotic post-Soviet transition to capitalism .	The program also calls for coordination of economic reforms and joint improvement of social programs in the two countries, where many people have become impoverished during the chaotic post-Soviet transition to capitalism.
Kuchma also planned to visit Russian gas giant Gazprom , most likely to discuss Ukraine 's dlrs 1.2 billion debt to the company .	Kuchma also wanted to visit Russian gas giant Gazprom, likely to discuss Ukraine's $1.2 billion debt to the company.
ADDIS ABABA , Ethiopia ( AP ) _ The Organization of African Unity said Friday it would investigate the Hutu-organized genocide of more than 500,000 minority Tutsis in Rwanda nearly four years ago .	ADDIS ABABA, Ethiopia (AP) _ The Organization of African Unity said Friday it will investigate the Hutu-organized genocide of more than 500,000 Tutsis in Rwanda nearly four years ago.
Foreign ministers of member-states meeting in the Ethiopian capital agreed to set up a seven-member panel to investigate who shot down Rwandan President Juvenal Habyarimana 's plane on April 6 , 1994 .	The foreign ministers of the member states meeting in the Ethiopian capital agreed to set up a seven-member panel to investigate who shot down the plane of Rwandan President Juvenal Habyarimana on 6 April 1994.
The assassination touched off a murderous rampage by Hutu security forces and civilians , who slaughtered mainly Tutsis but also Hutus who favored reconciliation with the minority .	The assassination triggered a murderous rampage by Hutu security forces and civilians, who slaughtered mainly Tutsis, but also Hutus who advocated reconciliation with the minority.
It also reignited the civil war .	It also rekindled the civil war.
The panel also will look at the exodus of about 2 million Rwanda Hutus to neighboring countries where they lived in U.N. - run refugee camps for 2 1/2 years .	The panel will also look at the exodus of some 2 million Rwandan Hutus to neighbouring countries where they lived in UN refugee camps that they ran for two and a half years.
The investigation will consider the role of `` internal and external forces prior to the genocide and subsequently , and the role of the United Nations and its agencies and the OAU before , during and after the genocide , '' the OAU said .	The investigation will examine the role of internal and external forces before and after the genocide, as well as the role of the United Nations and its agencies and the OAU before, during and after the genocide, "the OAU said.
The panel will be based in Addis Ababa , and will finish its investigation within a year , it said .	The panel will be based in Addis Ababa and complete its investigation within a year, it said.
It is to be funded by voluntary contributions from within and outside the continent .	It will be financed by voluntary contributions from Germany and abroad.
President Clinton says he is committed to a possible strike against Iraq , despite objections from other countries .	President Clinton is committed to a possible military strike on Iraq, despite the objections of other countries.
The US military buildup in the Persian gulf continues apace , more planes headed from the united states and senior officials say Iraq 's president Saddam Hussein can expect punishing air strikes to continue well into the future if he does n't stop building biological and chemical weapons .	The US military buildup in the Persian Gulf is progressing rapidly, with more aircraft from the United States and senior officials saying Iraqi President Saddam Hussein can expect punishing air strikes to continue well into the future unless he stops building biological and chemical weapons.
Saddam will know by our actions and our warning that we will be prepared to act again if we have evidence he is trying to rebuild his weapons of mass destruction capabilities .	Saddam will know from our actions and our warning that we will be ready to act again if we have evidence that he is trying to rebuild his weapons of mass destruction.
In a bit of television diplomacy , Iraq 's deputy foreign minister responded from Baghdad in less than one hour , saying Washington would break international law by attacking without UN approval .	In a kind of televised diplomacy, Iraq's deputy foreign minister from Baghdad responded in less than an hour that Washington was violating international law by attacking without UN approval.
The united states is not authorized to use force before going to the council .	The United States has no authority to use force before turning to the Security Council.
President Clinton , meantime , glossed over stern warnings from Moscow on Thursday that US air strikes against Iraq could do serious harm to relations with the Kremlin .	Meanwhile, President Clinton on Thursday glossed over stark warnings from Moscow that US airstrikes against Iraq could seriously damage relations with the Kremlin.
We 're trying to find a diplomatic solution .	We are trying to find a diplomatic solution.
And I hope that , whatever happens today , that our relationships with Russia will continue to be productive and constructive and strong , because that 's very important to the future of our peoples .	And I hope that whatever happens today, our relations with Russia will continue to be productive, constructive and strong, because that is very important for the future of our peoples.
One contrary view of the issue presented itself to the president as he arrived in Philadelphia later in the day .	The president took the opposite view when he arrived in Philadelphia later in the day.
Nevertheless , the president said Washington would use force if diplomacy fails to force Saddam Hussein to back down .	Still, the president said Washington would use force if diplomacy failed to force Saddam Hussein to back down.
The Russian foreign minister , meanwhile , sought to soften the harsh words of his military counterpart , saying on Friday that Russia now feels the US must hold off at least until UN secretary general Kofi Annan visits Baghdad in a last-ditch effort at diplomacy .	Russia's foreign minister, meanwhile, sought to soften his military counterpart's harsh words, saying Friday that Russia now feels the US must hold back at least until UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan visits Baghdad in a last-ditch diplomatic effort.
Annan has no trip planned so far .	Annan has not yet scheduled a trip.
Meanwhile , secretary of state Madeleine Albright , Berger and defense secretary William Cohen announced plans to travel to an unnamed city in the US heartland next week , to explain to the American people just why military force will be necessary if diplomacy fails .	Meanwhile, Secretary of State Madeleine Albright, Berger, and Defense Secretary William Cohen announced that they will travel to an unnamed city in the US heartland next week to explain to the American people why military force will be necessary if diplomacy fails.
The long distance giant slashing up to eighteen thousand jobs , freezing executive salaries and shaking up management .	The long-haul giant is cutting up to eighteen thousand jobs, freezing executive pay and shaking up management.
The changes are part of a one point six billion dollar cost cutting initiative to revitalize its position in the telecommunications business .	The changes are part of a $6 billion cost-cutting initiative to revive its position in the telecommunications business.
Earlier AT and T also announced an eighteen percent drop in profits for the fourth quarter .	Earlier, AT & T also announced an 18 percent drop in fourth-quarter profit.
The company 's sales force applauded the shake up .	The company's sales force welcomed the shake-up.
It 's not something we 're not used to in the industry .	We're not used to that in the industry.
But I think right now , for AT and T and the people here , it 's fairly intense as you might w - well imagine .	But I think at the moment it's pretty intense for AT and T and the people here, as you might imagine.
You know , since he 's been here the stock skyrocketed so , Yeah I think he 's doing the right thing .	You know, since he's been here, the stock has soared so much that I think he's doing the right thing.
I think it 's a good thing that they 're finally going to be downsizing you know some management because there is a whole lot of waste .	I think it is a good thing that they are finally reducing the size of the administration, because there is a lot of waste.
I think it 's excellent for the company .	I think it's excellent for the company.
But investors are approaching the changes with caution shares of AT and T down nearly four at sixty-one and a half .	But investors are approaching the changes with caution: AT & T shares fell nearly four percent to $61.
Former savings and loan chief , Charles Keating , is facing more legal troubles in California .	Former Savings Bank boss Charles Keating is facing further legal problems in California.
A federal appeals court has reinstated his state convictions for securities fraud .	A federal appeals court has overturned his conviction for securities fraud.
In nineteen ninety-one Charles Keating was convicted in state court of helping to defraud thousands of investors who bought high risk junk bonds sold by Keating 's employees at Lincoln savings and loan .	Ninety-nine years ago, Charles Keating was convicted in state court of aiding and abetting the fraud of thousands of investors who bought high-risk junk bonds sold by Keating's associates at Lincoln Savings and Loan.
The bonds became worthless when the bankrupt thrift was seized by government regulators .	The bonds became worthless when the bankrupt thrift was seized by state regulators.
Keating 's convictions were thrown out in nineteen ninety-six on a technicality .	Nineteen of Keating's convictions were rejected on formal grounds.
And on that basis Keating was released from prison before he was eligible for parole .	And on that basis, Keating was released from prison before he was eligible for parole.
Now the ninth US circuit court of appeals has ruled that the original appeal was flawed since it brought up issues that had not been raised before .	Now the Ninth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals has ruled that the original appeal was flawed because it raised questions that had not previously been raised.
That means the convictions stand , a ruling likely to send Keating 's lawyers back to state court where they must start over with a new appeal .	That means the convictions stand, a ruling that Keating's lawyers are likely to send back to the state court, where they must begin a new appeal process.
NEWARK , N.J. _ A new Essex County task force began delving Thursday into the slayings of 14 black women over the last five years in the Newark area , as law-enforcement officials acknowledged that they needed to work harder to solve the cases of murdered women .	NEWARK, N.J. _ A new Essex County task force began investigating the killings of 14 black women in the Newark area over the past five years on Thursday, as law enforcement acknowledged they had to work harder to solve the cases of murdered women.
The police and prosecutors said they had identified different suspects in six of the cases and had yet to find any pattern linking the killings or the victims , several of whom were believed to be prostitutes .	Police and prosecutors said they had identified several suspects in six of the cases and had not yet found a link between the killings or the victims, several of whom are believed to have been prostitutes.
State , county and local law-enforcement officials have expressed concerns in recent months about a possible pattern of murdered women and a disproportionate number of unsolved cases .	State, regional and local law enforcement officials have expressed concern in recent months about a possible pattern of murdered women and a disproportionate number of unsolved cases.
Citing an example , Sgt. Derek Glenn , a spokesman for the Newark Police Department , said that of nine women who had been killed last year , suspects had been arrested in only four cases .	Citing one example, Sgt. Derek Glenn, a spokesman for the Newark Police Department, said that of nine women killed last year, only four had suspects arrested.
But over all , arrests were made in more than 60 percent of murder cases , he said .	Overall, however, there have been arrests in more than 60 percent of homicides.
Eight of the 14 killings since 1993 were already under investigation by the Newark Police Department , Glenn said .	Eight of the 14 murders since 1993 have already been investigated by the Newark Police Department, Glenn said.
Of the eight victims , three were stabbed , two were strangled , two were beaten to death and one was asphyxiated , he said , and these different methods of killing and other evidence seem to indicate that the eight cases are not related .	Of the eight victims, three were stabbed, two strangled, two beaten to death and one suffocated, he said, and these different killing methods and other evidence seem to indicate that the eight cases are unrelated.
But with the task-force investigation just getting under way , officials have been careful not to draw any firm conclusions , leaving open the possibility of a serial killer in some of the cases .	But with the task force's investigation only just under way, officials have been careful not to draw firm conclusions, leaving open the possibility of a serial killer in some cases.
`` I have n't seen a pattern yet , '' said Patricia Hurt , the Essex County prosecutor , who created the task force on Tuesday .	"I haven't seen a pattern," said Patricia Hurt, the Essex County prosecutor who launched the task force on Tuesday.
`` The type of lifestyle these women have is extremely dangerous , '' she said .	"These women's lifestyles are extremely dangerous," she said.
BBC correspondent Karyn Coleman reports from Kosovo .	BBC correspondent Karyn Coleman reports from Kosovo.
There were more accounts of people fleeing from the villages near where the offensive was taking place .	There were other reports of people fleeing the villages near where the offensive took place.
They were too afraid to stay , fearing the forces may also move their operations further afield .	They were too afraid to stay because they feared that the armed forces would move their operations further afield.
By mid afternoon , official Serb sources were saying the operation was over , but that has not yet been confirmed from Belgrade , the capital of Serbia , which is where the whole attack is thought to have been planned .	By the afternoon, official Serbian sources said that the operation was over, but this has not yet been confirmed from Belgrade, the capital of Serbia, where the entire attack is said to have been planned.
The ethnic Albanians here in Kosovo are considerably worried about the future and fear they are witnessing the beginnings of a much wider conflict .	Ethnic Albanians here in Kosovo are very worried about the future and fear witnessing a much wider conflict.
THE HAGUE , Netherlands ( AP ) _ The World Court Friday rejected U.S. and British objections to a Libyan World Court case that has blocked the trial of two Libyans suspected of blowing up a Pan Am jumbo jet over Scotland in 1988 .	DEN HAAG, The Netherlands (AP) _ The World Court on Friday rejected objections by the United States and Britain to a case before Libya's world court blocking the trial of two Libyans suspected of blowing up a Pan Am jumbo jet over Scotland in 1988.
Libya , which brought the case to the United Nations ' highest judicial body in its dispute with the United States and Britain , hailed the ruling and said it would press anew for a trial in a third neutral country .	Libya, which took the case to the United Nations' highest judicial body in a dispute with the United States and Britain, welcomed the ruling and said it would press again for a trial in a third neutral country.
Both U.S. and British officials filed objections to the court 's jurisdiction in 1995 , claiming Security Council resolutions imposed on Lybia to force the suspects ' extradition overruled a 1971 Convention which gives Libya the right to try the men .	Both US and British officials objected to the court's jurisdiction in 1995, claiming that Security Council resolutions imposed on Libya to force the extradition of the suspects invalidated a 1971 convention giving Libya the right to bring the men to justice.
The Pentagon said today it will re-examine the question are the remains inside the Tomb of the Unknown from the Vietnam War , in fact , known ?	The Pentagon said today it will re-examine whether the remains in the Tomb of the Unknown from the Vietnam War are actually known.
CBS News first reported last night that the tomb may contain the remains of Air Force pilot Michael Blassie .	CBS News first reported last night that the grave may contain the remains of Air Force pilot Michael Blassie.
There was a suspicion the body was Blassie because his uniform and ID card were found near the body in Vietnam .	It was suspected that the corpse was Blassie because his uniform and identity card were found near the corpse in Vietnam.
But subsequently , they were lost .	But they were subsequently lost.
Blassie 's mother now wants the remains in the tomb tested for DNA .	Blassie's mother now wants the remains in the grave to be tested for DNA.
Iraq 's Saddam Hussein , facing U.S. and Arab troops at the Saudi border , today sought peace on another front by promising to withdraw from Iranian territory and release soldiers captured during the Iran-Iraq war .	Iraq's Saddam Hussein, who faced US and Arab troops on the Saudi border, sought peace on another front today by promising to withdraw from Iranian territory and release soldiers captured during the Iran-Iraq war.
Also today , King Hussein of Jordan arrived in Washington seeking to mediate the Persian Gulf crisis .	Also today, King Hussein of Jordan arrived in Washington to mediate in the Persian Gulf crisis.
President Bush on Tuesday said the United States may extend its naval quarantine to Jordan 's Red Sea port of Aqaba to shut off Iraq 's last unhindered trade route .	President Bush said Tuesday that the United States could extend its naval quarantine to Jordan's Red Sea port of Aqaba to close Iraq's last unhindered trade route.
In another mediation effort , the Soviet Union said today it had sent an envoy to the Middle East on a series of stops to include Baghdad .	In a further attempt at mediation, the Soviet Union announced today that it had sent an envoy to the Middle East to involve Baghdad.
Soviet officials also said Soviet women , children and invalids would be allowed to leave Iraq .	Soviet officials also said Soviet women, children and invalids would be allowed to leave Iraq.
President Bush today denounced Saddam 's `` ruinous policies of war , '' and said the United States is `` striking a blow for the principle that might does not make right . ''	President Bush today condemned Saddam's "ruinous policy of war" and said the United States was "striking a blow to the principle that may not be right."
In a speech delivered at the Pentagon , Bush seemed to suggest that American forces could be in the gulf region for some time .	In a speech at the Pentagon, Bush seemed to hint that American troops might be in the Gulf for some time.
`` No one should doubt our staying power or determination , '' he said .	"No one should doubt our staying power or our determination," he said.
The U.S. military buildup in Saudi Arabia continued at fever pace , with Syrian troops now part of a multinational force camped out in the desert to guard the Saudi kingdom from any new thrust by Iraq .	The US military buildup in Saudi Arabia has continued feverishly, and Syrian troops are now part of a multinational force camped out in the desert to protect the Saudi kingdom from a new push by Iraq.
In a letter to President Hashemi Rafsanjani of Iran , read by a broadcaster over Baghdad radio , Saddam said he will begin withdrawing troops from Iranian territory on Friday and release Iranian prisoners of war .	In a letter to Iranian President Hashemi Rafsanjani, read by a Baghdad radio station, Saddam said he would begin withdrawing troops from Iranian territory on Friday and release Iranian prisoners of war.
Iran said an Iraqi diplomatic delegation was en route to Tehran to deliver Saddam 's message , which it said it would review `` with optimism . ''	Iran said an Iraqi diplomatic delegation was on its way to Tehran to deliver Saddam's message, which it would examine "with optimism."
Saddam appeared to accept a border demarcation treaty he had rejected in peace talks following the August 1988 cease-fire of the eight-year war with Iran .	Saddam appeared to accept a border demarcation treaty that he had rejected in peace talks following the August 1988 ceasefire of the eight-year war with Iran.
The move seemed aimed at heading off more trouble with Iran , which had condemned Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait on Aug. 2 but also criticized the multinational force dispatched to Saudi Arabia .	The move appeared aimed at averting further trouble with Iran, which condemned Iraq's August 2 invasion of Kuwait but also criticized multinational troops sent to Saudi Arabia.
Saddam said he sought to `` turn the gulf into a lake of peace free of foreign fleets and forces that harbor ill intentions against us . ''	Saddam said he wanted to "turn the Gulf into a lake of peace, free from foreign fleets and forces with evil intentions against us."
In other developments : The Pentagon said that Defense Secretary Dick Cheney is considering urging Bush to order a national callup of armed forces reserves for active duty because of the drain on units sending soldiers abroad .	In other developments, the Pentagon said that Defense Secretary Dick Cheney is considering pressing Bush to order a national call-up of active-duty military reserves because the units that send soldiers abroad are overstretched.
Bush can call up to 200,000 reservists for up to 180 days without seeking congressional approval .	Bush can call up to 200,000 reservists for up to 180 days without seeking congressional approval.
Soviet Foreign Ministry spokesman Yuri Gremitskikh said special ambassador Mikhail Sytenko left Tuesday for consultations with the governments of Syria , Jordan , Egypt and other Arab countries .	Soviet Foreign Ministry spokesman Yuri Gremitsky said special envoy Mikhail Sytenko left Tuesday for consultations with the governments of Syria, Jordan, Egypt and other Arab countries.
Sytenko , a former deputy secretary-general of the United Nations , is also expected to visit Baghdad , Gremitskikh said at a regular news briefing today .	Sytenko, a former deputy secretary general of the United Nations, is also expected in Baghdad, Gremitskikh said today at a regular press briefing.
The outlook darkened for about 3,000 Americans caught in Iraq and Kuwait when Saddam sent his forces into the small , oil-rich sultanate .	When Saddam sent his troops to the small, oil-rich sultanate, the prospects for some 3,000 Americans trapped in Iraq and Kuwait dimmed.
The Iraqi ambassador to Greece said in Athens the Americans and other stranded foreigners could leave `` as soon as the threats from the United States and its allies are eliminated . ''	Iraq's ambassador to Greece said in Athens that the Americans and other stranded foreigners could leave the country "once the threats of the United States and its allies are removed."
ABC quoted an Iraqi Foreign Ministry official in Baghdad as saying Americans in Iraq are `` restrictees '' who will stay there until the crisis ends .	ABC quoted an Iraqi foreign ministry official in Baghdad as saying the Americans in Iraq were "restrictors" who would remain there until the crisis was over.
The Soviet Foreign Ministry said Soviet women , children and invalids would be permitted to leave Iraq .	The Soviet Foreign Ministry said Soviet women, children and invalids would be allowed to leave Iraq.
Spokesman Yuri Gremitskikh said the first group of 230 evacuees was assembling in Baghdad today , but evacuation plans were hampered by desert heat and lack of transportation .	Spokesman Yuri Gremitskikh said the first group of 230 evacuees were gathering in Baghdad today, but evacuation plans were hampered by desert heat and a lack of transportation.
Nearly 9,000 Soviets were among the hundreds of thousands of foreigners trapped in Iraq and Kuwait .	Nearly 9,000 Soviets were among the hundreds of thousands of foreigners held captive in Iraq and Kuwait.
Iraq has agreed to allow all 880 Soviets in Kuwait to leave , but only by a 1,200-mile road route through Iraq and to the Iraq-Jordan border .	Iraq has agreed to allow all 880 Soviets in Kuwait to leave, but only via a 1,200-mile road through Iraq and to the Iraq-Jordan border.
The British Foreign Office said today conditions in Kuwait appear to be deteriorating .	The British Foreign Office said today that conditions in Kuwait appear to be deteriorating.
There have been reports of wholesale looting but food and gasoline were still available , said a spokesman , who by custom was not identified .	There were reports of looting at the wholesale store, but food and gasoline were still available, said a spokesman, who could not be identified.
Banks remained closed .	Banks remained closed.
The Iraqi ambassador to Venezuela said on Tuesday that Iraq would retaliate against Venezuela and other OPEC oil cartel members if they boost oil production to fill the gap created by blocked supplies from Iraq and Kuwait .	Iraq's ambassador to Venezuela said Tuesday that Iraq would retaliate against Venezuela and other members of the OPEC oil cartel if they boost oil production to fill the gap left by blocked supplies from Iraq and Kuwait.
With Kuwait now `` annexed , '' Iraq has control of 20 percent of the world 's oil reserves .	Now that Kuwait has been annexed, Iraq controls 20 percent of the world's oil reserves.
The U.N. Security Council on Aug. 6 ordered a global embargo on trade with Iraq as punishment for seizing Kuwait .	On 6 August, the UN Security Council ordered a global trade embargo on Iraq as punishment for the capture of Kuwait.
Bush then sent U.S. troops and planes to Saudi Arabia , saying Iraqi troops massed nearby in Kuwait threatened Saudi Arabia and its vast oil reserves .	Bush then sent U.S. troops and planes to Saudi Arabia, saying Iraqi troops stationed nearby in Kuwait were threatening Saudi Arabia and its vast oil reserves.
Twelve Arab League nations voted for an Arab force to protect Saudi Arabia , with the vanguard of Syria 's contingent arriving Tuesday , according to diplomatic sources in Riyadh , the Saudi capital .	Twelve Arab League nations voted for an Arab force to protect Saudi Arabia, with the vanguard of the Syrian contingent arriving on Tuesday, according to diplomatic sources in the Saudi capital, Riyadh.
The predominantly Moslem nation of Bangladesh said today its troops would join multinational forces in Saudi Arabia .	The predominantly Muslim nation of Bangladesh said today its troops would join multinational forces in Saudi Arabia.
The size of the contingent was not disclosed .	The size of the contingent was not disclosed.
Turkey and Saudi Arabia in effect shut down Iraq 's major oil outlets through those countries , but according to Jordanian officials , a smaller line into Jordan remained operating .	Turkey and Saudi Arabia effectively closed Iraq's main oil wells through those countries, but a smaller line to Jordan remained in operation, according to Jordanian officials.
Truckloads of goods rolled into Iraq from Jordan on Tuesday and Iraqi-bound cargo was unloaded from ships at the Red Sea port ofAqaba despite the U.N. - ordered sanctions .	Truckloads of goods rolled into Iraq from Jordan on Tuesday and Iraqi cargo was unloaded from ships at the Red Sea port of Aqaba despite United Nations-ordered sanctions.
King Hussein was reportedly carrying a message to Bush from Iraq 's Saddam , with whom the king met Monday .	King Hussein is said to have delivered a message to Bush from Iraq's Saddam, whom the king met on Monday.
The monarch will meet Bush on Thursday in Kennebunkport , Maine .	The monarch will meet Bush on Thursday in Kennebunkport, Maine.
Crown Prince Hassan , King Hussein 's brother and political adviser , was asked today about the message the king was said to be carrying .	Crown Prince Hassan, King Hussein's brother and political adviser, was asked today about the message the king is said to be delivering.
In an interview from Jordan on ABC , he declined to discuss details , but said : `` I do n't think that his majesty would be traveling at this crucial moment if the Iraqi leadership did not have a rational approach to the future . ''	In an interview with Jordanian broadcaster ABC, he declined to discuss details, but said: "I don't think His Majesty would travel at this crucial moment if the Iraqi leadership didn't have a rational approach to the future."
A CBS News report citing unidentified Jordanian sources said that Saddam 's message called for an international conference to be convened to discuss an Iraqi withdrawal from Kuwait .	A CBS News report, citing unidentified Jordanian sources, said Saddam's embassy is calling for an international conference to discuss an Iraqi withdrawal from Kuwait.
In exchange , the buildup of U.S. forces in the region would halt .	In return, the increase in US troops in the region would be halted.
Bush , however , says he sees no short-term hope for a diplomatic solution to the gulf crisis _ at least until economic sanctions force Saddam to withdraw his army .	But Bush says he sees no short-term hope for a diplomatic solution to the Gulf crisis - at least until economic sanctions force Saddam to withdraw his army.
Bush held out the prospect of more aid to Jordan if it cooperates with the trade embargo .	Bush offered Jordan more aid if it cooperated with the trade embargo.
On Tuesday , the United States and Soviet Union conferred in Washington on putting an anti-Iraq naval blockade under a United Nations umbrella .	In Washington on Tuesday, the United States and the Soviet Union discussed putting a naval blockade of Iraq under the umbrella of the United Nations.
The United States has provided most of the naval vessels so far to block Iraqi trade , with Britain , West Germany and Australia among the other nations lending support at sea .	The United States has so far provided the most naval vessels to block Iraqi trade, with Britain, West Germany and Australia among the other nations providing support at sea.
The embargo is meant to cripple Iraq by cutting off its exports of oil and imports of food and military supplies .	The embargo is intended to cripple Iraq by cutting off its oil exports and imports of food and military goods.
U.S. allies and other U.N. members have objected that the Security Council embargo resolution did not specifically authorize such a naval operation .	U.S. allies and other U.N. members have objected that the Security Council's embargo resolution does not explicitly authorize such a naval operation.
Bush told a news conference on Tuesday that the naval barricade now in force might be extended to Jordan 's Aqaba `` if it is a hole through which commerce flows '' in and out of Iraq .	Bush told a news conference Tuesday that the current naval blockade could be extended to Jordan's Aqaba "if it is a hole through which trade flows into and out of Iraq."
In Saudi Arabia , today is the eighth day of `` Desert Shield , '' the operation designed to confront an estimated 200,000 Iraqi soldiers now in Kuwait .	In Saudi Arabia today is the eighth day of Operation Desert Shield, which is expected to confront an estimated 200,000 Iraqi soldiers in Kuwait.
Iraq boasts an army of 1 million members .	Iraq has an army of one million members.
At least 50,000 U.S. troops are expected to be committed to Desert Shield within weeks , including Marines , Army air assault forces , paratroopers and infantry .	At least 50,000 U.S. troops are expected to be deployed to Desert Shield within weeks, including Marines, Air Force, paratroopers and infantry.
Iraq said it invaded Kuwait because of disputes over oil and money .	Iraq said it invaded Kuwait over disputes over oil and money.
It accused Kuwait of deliberately slashing Iraqi oil revenues by overproducing oil and driving down prices , among other charges .	Among other things, it accused Kuwait of deliberately cutting Iraqi oil revenues by producing too much oil and depressing prices.
Iraq has 17 million residents , and Kuwait about 1.9 million .	Iraq has 17 million inhabitants, Kuwait about 1.9 million.
In Washington today , the Federal Aviation Administration released air traffic control tapes from the night the TWA Flight eight hundred went down .	The US Federal Aviation Administration released tapes today in Washington of the night the TWA flight was grounded eight hundred times.
There 's nothing new on why the plane exploded , but you cannot miss the moment .	There's nothing new about why the plane exploded, but you can't miss the moment.
There was no hint of trouble in the last conversation between controllers and TWA pilot Steven Snyder TWA eight hundred climb maintain one five thousand .	In the last conversation between the controllers and TWA pilot Steven Snyder, there were no indications of problems.
TWA 's eight hundred heavy climb and maintain one five thousand leavin - three thousand .	TWA's eight hundred heavy climb and maintaining a five thousand Leavin - three thousand.
But a minute and a half later , a pilot from a nearby flight calls in .	But a minute and a half later, a pilot reports from a nearby flight.
Ah , we just saw an explosion up ahead of us here about sixteen thousand feet or something like that .	Oh, we just saw an explosion in front of us up here, about 16,000 feet or so.
It just went down .	It just went down.
The controller at Boston center tries to raise TWA eight hundred .	The controller at the Boston Center is trying to raise eight hundred.
TWA eight hundred , if you hear center , ident .	TWA eight hundred, if you listen to Center, ident.
Later , the controller asks the Eastwind pilot for more details .	Later, the pilot asks the easterly wind pilot for further details.
It - It just blew up in the air , and then we saw two fireballs go down to the , to the water , and there was a big small , ah , smoke , from ah , coming up from that .	It - It just exploded in the air, and then we saw two fireballs going down to the water, and there was a big little, ah, smoke coming out of it.
At one point , when it became clear controllers could not contact the plane , someone said a prayer .	At one point, when it became clear that air traffic controllers could not reach the plane, someone said a prayer.
WASHINGTON _ The economy created jobs at a surprisingly robust pace in January , the government reported on Friday , evidence that America 's economic stamina has withstood any disruptions caused so far by the financial tumult in Asia .	WASHINGTON _ The economy created surprisingly robust jobs in January, the government said Friday, evidence that America's economic staying power has so far withstood all the disruption caused by the financial turmoil in Asia.
The Bureau of Labor Statistics said the economy added 358,000 jobs last month , far above the 235,000 forecast by economists .	The Bureau of Labor Statistics said the economy added 358,000 jobs last month, far more than the 235,000 forecast by economists.
With growing opportunities for work drawing more people into the labor force , the unemployment rate remained at 4.7 percent last month , just a notch above its quarter-century low .	With growing job opportunities luring more people into the labor market, the unemployment rate remained at 4.7% last month, just above its lowest level in a quarter-century.
The demand for workers also led employers to raise wages again last month .	Demand for labor also led employers to raise wages again last month.
Average hourly earnings of production and nonsupervisory employees rose 4 cents , to $12.51 .	Average hourly earnings for manufacturing and non-supervisory workers rose 4 cents to $12.51.
The gain left wages 3.8 percent higher than a year earlier , extending a trend that has given back to workers some of the earning power they lost to inflation in the last decade .	The increase pushed wages 3.8% higher than a year earlier, continuing a trend that gave workers back some of the earning power they had lost to inflation over the past decade.
But economists said the wage increase was not enough to raise any concerns about higher inflation .	Economists, however, said the wage increase was not enough to raise concerns about higher inflation.
And because the Federal Reserve has made clear that it expects the economy to slow in coming months as ripple effects from Asia reach the United States , investors disregarded the large jobs gains , betting that neither a rise in interest rates nor resurgent inflation is looming .	And, because the Federal Reserve has made it clear that it expects the economy to slow in the coming months as ripple effects from Asia reach the United States, investors ignored the big job gains and bet that neither a rise in interest rates nor resurgent inflation is imminent.
Stocks rose , pushing the Dow Jones industrial average up 72.24 points , to 8,189.49 , leaving the index within 70 points of its record high set on Aug. 6 .	Stocks rose, pushing the Dow Jones Industrial Average up 72.24 points to 8,189.49, leaving the index within 70 points of its August 6 record high.
In the bond market , a sensitive barometer of inflation anxiety , prices edged up , pushing down the yield on the benchmark 30-year Treasury bond to 5.92 percent from 5.93 percent .	In the bond market, a sensitive barometer of inflation fears, prices rose, pushing the yield on the 30-year Treasury note to 5.92 percent from 5.93 percent.
`` Job creation is sturdy and we have effective price stability , '' said Paul McCulley , an economist at UBS Securities .	"Job creation is robust and we have effective price stability," said Paul McCulley, an economist at UBS Securities.
With potential inflation counterbalanced by worries about possible price declines , the Fed and its chairman , Alan Greenspan , have suggested that they intend to keep interest rates unchanged until the economy tilts clearly in one direction or another .	With potential inflation offset by worries about possible price declines, the Fed and its chairman, Alan Greenspan, have indicated that they intend to leave interest rates unchanged until the economy clearly tilts one way or the other.
The job figures for January extended a surge in employment gains that began last fall , just when the labor market had showed signs of cooling .	January's employment figures extended a surge in job gains that began last fall when the labor market showed signs of cooling.
After accounting for a small downward revision Friday to December 's figures , the economy has been creating jobs at a rate of 358,000 a month for the last four months _ and 381,000 over the last three months _ after averaging 242,000 for the first nine months of 1997 .	After a slight downward revision from Friday to December, the economy added 358,000 jobs in the last four months and 381,000 in the last three months, up from an average of 242,000 in the first nine months of 1997.
The surge in jobs reflects a remarkable confluence of positive and self-reinforcing economic forces .	The increase in jobs reflects a remarkable convergence of positive and self-reinforcing economic forces.
After a short , sharp drop when Asia 's financial problems first became clear , the stock market has rebounded and corporate profits have remained healthy .	After a brief, steep slump when Asia's financial problems first became apparent, the stock market has recovered and corporate profits have remained healthy.
Long-term interest rates , an important indicator of economic stability , have fallen in the last few months .	Long-term interest rates, an important indicator of economic stability, have fallen in recent months.
Lower rates have helped invigorate housing and other interest-sensitive sectors of the economy by making loans more affordable , and have allowed companies to continue investing heavily in more efficient equipment .	Lower interest rates have helped boost housing and other interest-sensitive sectors of the economy by making credit more affordable and allowing businesses to continue to invest heavily in more efficient equipment.
The likelihood that the federal budget will soon move from deficit into surplus has further improved the outlook .	The likelihood that the federal budget will soon move from deficit to surplus has further improved the outlook.
President Clinton welcomed the job figures at a news conference Friday .	President Clinton welcomed the figures at a news conference on Friday.
His advisers said the results reflected not just from balancing the budget , but also initiatives like improved access to education and training and the opening of foreign markets to trade .	His advisers said the results reflected not only the balanced budget, but also initiatives such as improved access to education and training and opening foreign markets to trade.
Some of the biggest employment gains came in the construction industry , which added 92,000 jobs in January .	The biggest job gains were in construction, which added 92,000 jobs in January.
The increase reflected the strength of the housing industry , which has been helped not just by declining interest rates but also by unusually warm weather .	The rise reflected the strength of the housing sector, which was boosted not only by falling interest rates but also by unusually warm weather.
Service industries also showed solid job gains , as did manufacturers , two areas expected to be hardest hit when the effects of the Asian crisis hit the American economy .	The services sector also posted solid job gains, as did manufacturers - two areas likely to be hardest hit when the effects of the Asian crisis hit the American economy.
The major harm from Asia is likely to come from the plunge in the value of many Asian currencies relative to the dollar , a situation that is expected to lead to a surge of inexpensive imports into the United States , hurting American competitors .	The biggest damage from Asia is likely to come from the fall in the value of many Asian currencies against the dollar - a situation that is expected to lead to an increase in cheap imports to the United States, hurting American competition.
And the weakness of the Asian economies is also likely to lead to decreased demand for American exports .	And the weakness of Asian economies is also likely to lead to a decline in demand for American exports.
`` The economy has been running on the fumes of the strength from before the Asia shock , '' McCulley said .	"The economy is running on the fumes of strength from before the Asian shock," McCulley said.
`` Those fumes will exhaust themselves , and the manufacturing sector is going to start getting beat up in the spring . ''	"These fumes will run out and the manufacturing sector will start to beat itself up in the spring." "
The figures showed the unemployment rate for adult men declined to 3.8 percent last month from 4.1 percent in December , the lowest figure for almost two decades .	The adult male unemployment rate fell to 3.8 percent last month from 4.1 percent in December, the lowest level in nearly two decades, according to the data.
The rate for adult women rose 0.4 percent , to 4.4 percent .	For adult women, the rate rose 0.4 percent to 4.4 percent.
For the first time , the Labor Department broke out unemployment by education level as well as gender , age and race .	For the first time, the Labor Department broke down unemployment by educational level, gender, age and race.
The analysis showed unemployment rates dropped steadily with higher levels of education .	The analysis showed that unemployment rates fell steadily with higher levels of education.
O'SMACH , Cambodia ( AP ) _ The top commander of a Cambodian resistance force said Thursday he has sent a team to recover the remains of a British mine removal expert kidnapped and presumed killed by Khmer Rouge guerrillas almost two years ago .	O'SMACH, Cambodia (AP) _ The top commander of a Cambodian resistance force said Thursday he has sent a team to recover the remains of a British mine-clearing expert kidnapped and presumed killed by Khmer Rouge guerrillas nearly two years ago.
Gen. Nhek Bunchhay , a loyalist of ousted Cambodian Prime Minister Prince Norodom Ranariddh , said in an interview with The Associated Press at his hilltop headquarters that he hopes to recover the remains of Christopher Howes within the next two weeks .	Gen. Nhek Bunchhay, a loyalist of ousted Cambodian Prime Minister Prince Norodom Ranariddh, said in an interview with The Associated Press at his hilltop headquarters that he hoped to recover the remains of Christopher Howes within the next two weeks.
Howes had been working for the Britain-based Mines Advisory Group when he was abducted with his Cambodian interpreter Houn Hourth in March 1996 .	Howes had been working for the UK-based Mines Advisory Group when he was kidnapped with his Cambodian interpreter Houn Hourth in March 1996.
Howes ' team was clearing mines 17 kilometers ( 10 miles ) from Angkor Wat , the fabled 11th century temple that is Cambodia 's main tourist attraction , when it was attacked .	Howes' team was 17 kilometres from Angkor Wat, the fabled 11th century temple that is Cambodia's main tourist attraction, when it was attacked.
In January this year , British police officers who had been searching for Howes concluded he had probably been killed soon after being captured .	In January this year, British police searching for Howes concluded that he had probably been killed shortly after his capture.
The Foreign Office said it had informed the family of Howes , 37 years old when he was kidnapped , that he probably died within weeks or months of his capture on March 26 , 1996 .	The Foreign Office said it had informed the family of Howes, who was 37 at the time of his abduction, that he was likely to have died within weeks or months of his capture on 26 March 1996.
`` Obviously , it is deeply discouraging for the family after 22 months , but there is no proof of life .	< p > Obviously it's deeply disheartening for the family after 22 months, but there's no proof of life.
But there is no evidence in either direction _ that there is proof of life or death , '' said a Foreign Office spokesman , speaking with customary anonymity .	But there is no evidence either way that there is evidence of life or death, "a Foreign Office spokesman said on condition of anonymity.
`` We will continue to do everything we can to establish what has happened . ''	"We will continue to do everything in our power to establish what happened." "
Thai military officials who monitor Cambodian affairs said privately Thursday that Britain , through its embassies in Thailand and Cambodia , has been pushing hard to resolve the Howes case as the second anniversary of his abduction nears .	Thai military officials who oversee Cambodian affairs said privately on Thursday that Britain, through its embassies in Thailand and Cambodia, had gone to great lengths to resolve Howe's case on the eve of the second anniversary of his abduction.
Nhek Bunchhay , who had been closely involved in the search for Howes before having to flee the Cambodian capital after a coup d'etat last year , appeared confident he would find Howes ' remains .	Nhek Bunchhay, who was closely involved in the search for Howes before he was forced to flee the Cambodian capital following a coup last year, said he was confident Howes' remains would be found.
He said he received information from Khmer Rouge guerrillas on where the body had been buried , and recently ordered 10 of his men from a force of 500 near Khmer Rouge headquarters in Anlong Veng to conduct the search .	He said he had received information from Khmer Rouge guerrillas about where the body was buried, and recently ordered 10 of his men from a 500-strong force near Khmer Rouge headquarters in Anlong Veng to conduct the search.
If and when the remains are found , he said , they would be turned over to the British Embassy , apparently meaning they would be sent across the border into Thailand and onward to Bangkok .	If and when the remains were found, he said, they would be handed over to the British Embassy, apparently meaning they would be sent across the border to Thailand and on to Bangkok.
Nhek Bunchhay said he now believed Howes had been killed within a week of his capture by a Khmer Rouge faction loyal to Pol Pot , then the guerrilla group 's leader .	Nhek Bunchhay said he now believes Howes was killed within a week of his capture by a Khmer Rouge group loyal to Pol Pot, the guerrilla group's leader at the time.
Pol Pot is considered responsible for the radical policies that led to the deaths of as many as 1.7 million Cambodians when the communist group held power in the late 1970s .	Pol Pot is blamed for the radical policies that led to the deaths of 1.7 million Cambodians when the communist group was in power in the late 1970s.
At the time Howes was captured , the Khmer Rouge were a more or less united guerrilla force with more than 10,000 men under arms .	When Howes was captured, the Khmer Rouge were a more or less unified guerrilla force with more than 10,000 men under arms.
But the group began to fall apart in mid-1996 after the defection of one of its top leaders , Ieng Sary .	But the group began to break up in mid-1996 after one of its leaders, Ieng Sary, defected.
Other commanders , and thousands of guerrillas , followed him .	Other commanders and thousands of guerrillas followed him.
A small hardcore group under Pol Pot continued to hold out at their headquarters at Anlong Veng in northern Cambodia near the Thai border .	A small hardcore group led by Pol Pot remained at their headquarters in Anlong Veng in northern Cambodia, near the Thai border.
But in June last year , the remaining leadership had a falling out , and Pol Pot was arrested .	But in June last year there was a rift between the remaining leadership and Pol Pot was arrested.
In July last year in Phnom Penh , Cambodia 's capital , Second Prime Minister Hun Sen staged a successful coup d'etat against First Prime Minister Prince Norodom Ranariddh .	Last July, in Cambodia's capital Phnom Penh, Second Prime Minister Hun Sen staged a successful coup against First Prime Minister Prince Norodom Ranariddh.
Ranariddh 's loyalists , including Nhek Bunchhay , his top military commander , went into hiding or fled the capital .	Ranariddh's loyalists, including his top military commander Nhek Bunchhay, went into hiding or fled the capital.
Nhek Bunchhay , evading an intensive manhunt , made his way to O'Smach , the last major outpost held by Ranariddh 's forces .	Nhek Bunchhay evaded an intense manhunt and made his way to O'Smach, the last major outpost of Ranariddh's forces.
They have been aided by Khmer Rouge guerrillas from Anlong Veng , who have formed an alliance with Ranariddh 's resistance forces to oppose Hun Sen .	They were supported by Khmer Rouge guerrillas from Anlong Veng, who formed an alliance with Ranariddh's resistance forces against Hun Sen.
CANBERRA , Australia ( AP ) _ Qantas will almost double its flights between Australia and India by August in the search for new markets untouched by the crippling Asian financial crisis .	CANBERRA, Australia (AP) _ Qantas will almost double its flights between Australia and India by August in search of new markets unaffected by the crippling Asian financial crisis.
This move comes barely a month after Qantas suspended a number of services between Australia , Indonesia , Thailand and Malaysia in the wake of the Asian economic crisis .	The move comes barely a month after Qantas suspended a number of services between Australia, Indonesia, Thailand and Malaysia in the wake of the Asian economic crisis.
The airline has also cut all flights to South Korea .	The airline has also cancelled all flights to South Korea.
Qantas plans daily flights between Sydney and Bombay , up from the current four flights a week , to boost business and tourism ties with India , the airline announced Friday .	Qantas is planning daily flights between Sydney and Bombay from its current four flights a week to boost business and tourism ties with India, the airline said on Friday.
In a joint statement with Tourism Minister Andrew Thomson , it said two new flights would leave Bombay on Monday and Tuesday nights from March 30 , with the third departing each Thursday from August 6 .	A joint statement with Tourism Minister Andrew Thomson said two new flights would leave Bombay on Mondays and Tuesdays from 30 March and the third every Thursday from 6 August.
This will add nearly 700 seats a week on the route .	This will add nearly 700 seats per week on the route.
Thomson , in India to talk to tourism leaders , said the flights would provide extra support to the growing tourism market .	Thomson, who spoke to leading tourism figures in India, said the flights would provide additional support to the growing tourism market.
Qantas ' India manager Khursheed Lam said the airline was working closely with the Australian Tourist Commission to develop greater awareness of Australia in the Indian market .	Qantas India manager Khursheed Lam said the airline was working closely with the Australian Tourist Commission to develop greater awareness of Australia in the Indian market.
Qantas will also appoint a Bombay-based public relations consultant .	Qantas will also appoint a Bombay-based PR consultant.
An officially sanctioned one , too .	Even an officially sanctioned one.
UNESCO declared it a protected site for its beauty and its historical significance .	UNESCO declared it a protected site because of its beauty and historical importance.
The city could have used some special protection in nineteen seventy-nine when the Soviet Union invaded Afghanistan .	When the Soviet Union invaded Afghanistan, the city could have needed special protection.
Most of the city 's monuments were destroyed , including a magnificent tiled mosque , which dominated the skyline for centuries .	Most of the city's monuments were destroyed, including a magnificent mosque that dominated the skyline for centuries.
Some families have kept their glass working secrets for more than two thousand years .	Some families have kept their glass work secrets for more than two thousand years.
Even though this city is in Afghanistan , most people here speak a dialect of the Persian language , and have long standing cultural ties with neighboring Iran .	Although this city is located in Afghanistan, most people here speak a dialect of the Persian language and have long-standing cultural ties to neighboring Iran.
Think you got it ?	Do you think you got it?
Well , frankly , I do n't , but the answer is coming up in just a few minutes .	Well, honestly, I don't have that, but the answer will come in a few minutes.
CANBERRA , Australia ( AP ) _ Turning its back on 210 years of loyalty to the British royal family , a constitutional convention voted overwhelmingly Friday to make Australia a republic under its own president .	CANBERRA, Australia (AP) _ A constitutional convention voted overwhelmingly Friday to make Australia a republic under its own president.
Prime Minister John Howard , a monarchist himself , promised to put the question to a national referendum next year after convention delegates voted 89-52 for a republic , with 11 abstentions .	Prime Minister John Howard, himself a monarchist, promised to put the issue to a national referendum next year after delegates to Congress voted 89-52 in favor of a republic with 11 abstentions.
Spontaneous applause echoed through the chamber and public galleries as the crucial vote passed by a wide margin .	Spontaneous applause echoed through the hall and the public gallery as the crucial vote went through by a wide margin.
`` I want a referendum , '' Howard said .	"I want a referendum," Howard said.
`` The Australian people are owed the opportunity of expressing an opinion on this . ''	'The Australian people deserve the opportunity to have their say, 'he said.
`` It would be a travesty in common sense terms of Australian democracy for that proposition not to be put to the Australian people , '' Howard said .	"It would be a travesty of the common sense of Australian democracy if this claim were not put to the Australian people," Mr Howard said.
Even in his own Cabinet , Howard is becoming increasingly isolated with his monarchist stance .	Even in his own cabinet, Howard is becoming increasingly isolated with his monarchist stance.
Treasurer Peter Costello , Environment Minister Robert Hill and Attorney General Daryl Williams all voted to support the republic Friday .	Treasurer Peter Costello, Environment Minister Robert Hill and Justice Minister Daryl Williams voted for the republic on Friday.
`` This convention will be seen as a turning point in our history , '' Australian Republican Movement spokeswoman Mary Delahunty said .	"This convention will be seen as a turning point in our history," Australian Republican Movement spokeswoman Mary Delahunty said.
Pro-republicans hope to have an Australian president by the opening of the 2000 Olympics and the 100th anniversary of Australian federation .	Pro-republicans hope to have an Australian president by the opening of the 2000 Olympics and the 100th anniversary of the founding of the Australian Federation.
Calling for an amended constitution with a new preamble , to be written by Australian poets , republican Janet Holmes a Court said , `` We need the smell of eucalyptus in this , and the feel of red dust . ''	Republican Janet Holmes a Court called for a constitutional amendment with a new preamble to be written by Australian poets: "We need the smell of eucalyptus in it and the feeling of red dust."
Monarchists hope to defeat the republic at the referendum .	The monarchists hope to defeat the republic in the referendum.
`` The phony war has finished and the real referendum campaign has clearly begun , '' Australians for a Constitutional Monarchy executive director Kerry Jones said .	"The phoney war is over and the real referendum campaign has clearly begun," said Kerry Jones, the executive director of Australians for a Constitutional Monarchy.
`` Well may we say ` God save the Queen , ' for nothing will save the republic , '' outraged monarchist delegate David Mitchell said .	"Now we may say," God save the Queen, for nothing will save the republic, "" indignant monarchist delegate David Mitchell.
`` The idea of a republic will fall to dust through the grace of almighty God . ''	"The idea of a republic will crumble to dust by the grace of Almighty God." "
Polls have shown public support for a republic increasing , rising from about 35 percent several years ago to about 51 percent this year , as pro-monarchist sentiment diminishes .	Polls show public support for a republic rising, from about 35 percent a few years ago to about 51 percent this year, as pro-monarchist sentiment wanes.
Australia has been independent since 1901 , but like many Commonwealth nations it still recognizes the British monarch as its head of state .	Australia has been independent since 1901 but, like many Commonwealth countries, still recognises the British monarch as head of state.
Howard said Queen Elizabeth II is taking a great interest in the convention .	Howard said Queen Elizabeth II was very interested in the conference.
`` She is , I can assure you , from what I 've been told , she 's following the thing very closely and taking the view it 's our business .	I can assure you that she is following very closely what I have been told and believes that it is up to us.
`` It 's no secret that she 's indicated to me ... she is a 20th century democrat , understands that the role of the crown in Australia rests in the hands of the Australian people as it has for almost a hundred years . ''	'It's no secret that she's signalled to me... she's a 20th century democrat, understands that the role of the Crown in Australia is in the hands of the Australian people, as it has been for almost a century. '
The model for a republic , adopted over bitter objections from those advocating direct election of a president , is for presidential nominations to be made with public input and the winning candidate decided by a two-thirds majority of Parliament .	The model for a republic, adopted by supporters of the direct election of a president over bitter objections, requires presidential nominations to be made with public participation and the winning candidate to be determined by a two-thirds majority in parliament.
Former prime minister Paul Keating , who put the republic issue in the spotlight in his unsuccessful 1996 campaign for re-election , welcomed the result .	Former prime minister Paul Keating, who thrust the issue of republic into the spotlight in his unsuccessful 1996 re-election campaign, welcomed the result.
New evidence is suggesting that a series of bombings in Atalanta and last month 's explosion at an Alabama women 's clinic might be related .	New evidence suggests a series of bombings in Atalanta and the explosion at a women's clinic in Alabama last month may be linked.
One person is killed .	One person is killed.
More people are hurt .	More people are injured.
And just last month , an off duty policeman is killed when a bomb explodes at another abortion clinic .	And just last month, a policeman was killed when a bomb exploded at another abortion clinic.
This man , Eric Rudolph has already been charged in the Birmingham bombing .	That man, Eric Rudolph, has already been charged in the Birmingham bombing.
Now officials are investigating whether , Rudolph , who remains at large , is linked to all three attacks .	Officers are now investigating whether Rudolph, who remains at large, is linked to all three attacks.
The reason , authorities have discovered tantalizing new evidence .	The reason: The authorities have uncovered tantalizing new evidence.
Steel plates recovered at the Olympic park bombing appear to match those found at the abortion clinic bombing in Atlanta .	Steel plates found in the Olympic Park bombing appear to match those found in the bombing of an Atlanta abortion clinic.
Those plates may have come from a machine shop in north Carolina , where a friend of Rudolph worked .	These plates could have come from a machine shop in North Carolina, where a friend of Rudolph's worked.
And nails found in the Atlanta abortion clinic bombing are identical to those discovered at Rudolph 's storage shed in north Carolina .	And the nails found in the bombing of an Atlanta abortion clinic are identical to those found in Rudolph's warehouse in North Carolina.
A senior law enforcement source tells CNN , there is a lot of circumstantial evidence and it would be extraordinary to have all these bits and pieces and there not be a connection .	A senior law enforcement source tells CNN there's a lot of circumstantial evidence and it would be extraordinary to have all these items and there's no connection.
And law enforcement sources say they ca n't ignore letters penned under the name army of god .	And law enforcement officials say they can't ignore letters written under the name Army of God.
Army of god letters claim responsibility for the Atlanta abortion clinic bombing , a nineteen ninety-seven attack on a gay lounge and the Birmingham assault .	Army of God has claimed responsibility for the bombing of an abortion clinic in Atlanta, a ninety-seven attack on a gay lounge and the attack in Birmingham.
An intense manhunt conducted by the FBI and the bureau of alcohol , tobacco and firearms continues for Rudolph in the wilderness of western north Carolina .	An intense manhunt, conducted by the FBI and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms, continues for Rudolph in the wilderness of western North Carolina.
And this week , FBI director Louie Freeh assigned more agents to the search .	And this week, FBI Director Louie Freeh assigned more agents to the search.
Freeh also ordered the investigation consolidate information under the Atlanta task force , another indication officials suspect a link between all the bombings .	Freeh also ordered the task force in Atlanta to consolidate information, another indication that authorities suspect a link between all the bombings.
Privately , authorities say Rudolph has become a focus of their investigation .	Behind closed doors, authorities say Rudolph has become a focus of their investigation.
Publicly , they are unwilling to make any sweeping assertion .	Publicly, they are not prepared to make any blanket assertion.
The reason , they remember Richard Jewell. pierre thomas , CNN , Washington .	The reason they remember Richard Jewell. pierre thomas, CNN, Washington.
Diplomacy appears to be making headway in resolving the united nation 's standoff with Iraq .	Diplomacy appears to be making progress in resolving the standoff between the united nation and Iraq.
A UN spokesman says UN secretary general Kofi Annan is on the verge of a breakthrough , but added it 's not done yet .	A UN spokesman said UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan was close to a breakthrough, but added that this had not yet happened.
Annan wrapped up a three hour meeting with Iraqi president Saddam Hussein in Baghdad today .	Annan ended a three-hour meeting with Iraqi President Saddam Hussein in Baghdad today.
He 's expected to meet with Iraqi deputy prime minister Tariq Aziz later this afternoon .	He is expected to meet with Iraqi Deputy Prime Minister Tariq Aziz later in the afternoon.
One major sticking point has been Iraq 's proposal to open it 's presidential sites for no more than sixty days .	A key sticking point was Iraq's proposal to keep presidential seats open for no more than 60 days.
The UN security council insists any deal must allow UN inspectors unrestricted access to all suspected weapons sites .	The UN Security Council insists that any agreement must give UN inspectors full access to all suspected weapons stockpiles.
Thousands of people in Germany have been demonstrating today against the high level of unemployment in the country .	Thousands of people demonstrated in Germany today against the high unemployment in the country.
Chanting Helmut Kohl must go the unemployed took to the streets of the German capital , Berlin , mirroring protests around the country .	With chants such as "Helmut Kohl must go," the unemployed took to the streets in the German capital Berlin, mirroring protests across the country.
With the general election due this September , record figures could n't have come at a worst time for Chancellor Kohl .	With a general election looming in September, the record numbers could not have come at a worse time for Chancellor Kohl.
His promise to half unemployment by the year two thousand has now been abandoned .	His promise to halve unemployment by the year 2000 has now been abandoned.
And the German electorate appears increasingly eager to dispense with the services of Europe 's longest serving leader .	And German voters seem increasingly eager to dispense with the services of Europe's longest-serving leader.
People have predicted his demise so many times , and the US has tried to hasten it on several occasions .	People have predicted its demise so many times, and the US has tried several times to hasten it.
Time and again , he endures .	Time and again, he perseveres.
He has outlasted and sometimes outsmarted eight American presidents .	He has outlasted and sometimes outsmarted eight American presidents.
Fidel Castro invited John Paul to come for a reason .	Fidel Castro invited John Paul for good reason.
The entire world will see images of the Pope in Cuba .	The whole world will see pictures of the Pope in Cuba.
They 'll see images of the Pope with Fidel Castro .	You will see pictures of the Pope with Fidel Castro.
It will give the rest of the world the view that Cuba is like any other nation , something the US has , of course , tried to persuade the world that it is not .	It will convey to the rest of the world the view that Cuba is like any other nation, which, of course, the US has tried to convince the world that it is not.
For nearly forty years , the United States has said categorically it would not tolerate totalitarian rule in its own backyard .	For nearly forty years, the United States has categorically stated that it would not tolerate totalitarian rule in its own backyard.
It is the US economic and political embargo which has kept Cuba in a box .	It is the US economic and political embargo that is holding Cuba back.
The main positive for Castro to invite the Pope is international , to be able to say to the rest of the world , this government is not as closed , as intolerant , uh as totalitarian as some make it out to be .	The most important positive for Castro to invite the Pope is internationally, to be able to tell the rest of the world that this government is not as closed, intolerant, er, totalitarian as some claim.
One of the scenarios widely advanced before the visit is that through the Pope , Cuba , still led by Castro , can begin a more productive relationship with the world .	One of the scenarios widely circulated before the visit is that Cuba, still led by Castro, can begin a more productive relationship with the world through the pope.
That will , in turn , bring pressure on Washington to change .	That, in turn, will put pressure on Washington to change.
Those observers looking for a battle between uncompromising representatives and very different ideologies will , in all likelihood , be disappointed .	Those observers who seek a battle between uncompromising representatives and very different ideologies are likely to be disappointed.
He says he and the Pope both want to end the exploitation of man by man .	He says that he and the Pope both want to end the exploitation of man by man.
The question is who will Cubans believe ?	The question is who the Cubans will believe.
The main negative is the risk that the Pope 's visit will persuade a great many more Cubans to break loose of the Cuban government .	The biggest negative is the risk that the Pope's visit will convince many more Cubans to break away from the Cuban government.
If so , then the Pope 's visit would really open up a new chapter in the government 's relations with its own society .	If so, the Pope's visit would truly open a new chapter in the government's relations with its own society.
The Persian Gulf showdown between Iraq and the United States took a more personal turn Thursday when Iraq 's Saddam Hussein called President Bush a liar and said the outbreak of holy war could bring thousands of Americans home in coffins .	The Persian Gulf showdown between Iraq and the United States took a more personal turn on Thursday when Iraqi President Saddam Hussein called President Bush a liar and said the outbreak of holy war could bring thousands of Americans home in coffins.
Bush , commenting on the two-week gulf crisis from his vacation home in Maine , said he saw little reason to be optimistic about a settlement of the dispute , which stems from Iraq 's invasion of oil-wealthy Kuwait and its subsequent military buildup on the border of Saudi Arabia .	Commenting on the two-week Gulf crisis from his vacation home in Maine, Bush said he saw little reason to be optimistic about resolving the dispute stemming from Iraq's invasion of oil-rich Kuwait and its subsequent military buildup on the border with Saudi Arabia.
After a two-hour meeting at his Kennebunkport home with King Hussein of Jordan , Bush said , `` I did not come away with any feeling of hope '' that Iraq would withdraw its army from Kuwait .	After a two-hour meeting at his Kennebunkport home with King Hussein of Jordan, Bush said, "I have no sense of hope" that Iraq would withdraw its army from Kuwait.
Bush also said Thursday that King Hussein assured him Jordan would close the last remaining free port to most Iraqi trade as the economic embargo on materials to Iraq continued unabated .	Bush also said Thursday that King Hussein had assured him that Jordan would close the last remaining free port for most of Iraq's trade as the economic embargo on materials to Iraq continues unabated.
Foodstuffs are among the goods being blocked from entry ; Iraq imports about three-quarters of its food .	Food is one of the goods denied entry; Iraq imports about three-quarters of its food.
Pentagon sources in Washington meanwhile said the Bush administration plans to deploy 45,000 Marines to the region to back up the thousands of Army , Navy and Air Force troops already in place in the gulf and the Saudi desert .	Pentagon sources in Washington, meanwhile, said the Bush administration plans to send 45,000 Marines to the region to support the thousands of troops already in the Gulf and the Saudi desert.
At a news conference , Secretary of State James A. Baker III said Jordan `` is seeking some guidance '' about a provision in the U.N. - backed trade embargo that allows food for humanitarian purposes .	At a news conference, Secretary of State James A. Baker III said Jordan was seeking "guidance" on a provision in the UN-backed trade embargo that allows food for humanitarian purposes.
Worries however grew about the safety of Americans and other Westerners trapped in Kuwait .	Concern grew, however, for the safety of Americans and other Westerners stranded in Kuwait.
Iraqi military authorities ordered all Americans and Britons in Kuwait to assemble at a hotel , officials said .	Iraqi military authorities had ordered all Americans and Britons in Kuwait to gather at a hotel, officials said.
`` Very few '' of the 2,500 Americans in occupied Kuwait complied with the order , a senior U.S. official told The Associated Press .	"Very few" of the 2,500 Americans in occupied Kuwait complied with the order, a senior U.S. official told the Associated Press news agency.
Iraq said the roundup was to protect them from unspecified threats ; British Foreign Office minister William Waldegrave called the order `` grave and sinister . ''	Iraq said the raid was intended to protect them from unspecified threats; British Foreign Secretary William Waldegrave called the order "serious and sinister."
`` What we fear is that they will be interned somewhere , most likely in Iraq , '' Waldegrave said .	"What we fear is that they will be interned somewhere, most likely in Iraq," Waldegrave said.
In addition to the estimated 45,000 Marines to ultimately be part of Operation Desert Shield , Stealth fighter planes and the aircraft carrier John F. Kennedy are also headed to Saudi Arabia to protect it from Iraqi expansionism .	In addition to the estimated 45,000 Marines who will eventually be part of Operation Desert Shield, stealth aircraft and the aircraft carrier John F. Kennedy will fly to Saudi Arabia to protect the country from Iraqi expansionism.
In Washington , Pentagon spokesman Pete Williams said Iraq has continued to increase its armed forces in Kuwait and they now number about 160,000 .	Pentagon spokesman Pete Williams said in Washington that Iraq has continued to increase its forces in Kuwait and now has about 160,000 troops.
Saddam has been under international quarantine since his Aug. 2 power-grab , or what he calls an `` eternal merger '' with Kuwait .	Saddam has been under international quarantine since coming to power on August 2 in what he calls an "eternal merger" with Kuwait.
In a long verbal attack read on Iraqi television Thursday , Saddam repeatedly called Bush `` a liar '' and said a shooting war could produce body bags courtesy of Baghdad .	In a lengthy verbal attack read out on Iraqi television on Thursday, Saddam repeatedly called Bush a "liar" and said a rampage could produce body bags for Baghdad.
`` We continue to pray and pray hard to God so that there will be no confrontation whereby you will receive thousands of Americans wrapped in sad coffins after you had pushed them into a dark tunnel , '' Saddam said .	"We continue to pray and pray hard to God that there will be no confrontation in which you receive thousands of Americans wrapped in sad coffins after pushing them into a dark tunnel," Saddam said.
He called U.S. soldiers massing in Saudi Arabia the real occupiers in the Persian Gulf .	He described the US soldiers stationed in Saudi Arabia as the real occupiers in the Persian Gulf.
Replied State Department deputy spokesman Richard Boucher , `` We have n't really analyzed the statement in detail but it appears to be just another example of his outlandish rhetoric and his attempts to distort the truth .	State Department Deputy Spokesman Richard Boucher responded, "We haven't really analyzed the statement in detail, but it seems to be just another example of his outlandish rhetoric and attempts to distort the truth.
`` We believe that his words cannot distract the world from the facts of Iraqi aggression . ''	"We believe that his words cannot distract the world from the facts of Iraqi aggression."
An international land , sea and air force has mobilized since Iraq 's invasion , which was sparked by disputes over oil , land and repayment of war loans .	Since the Iraqi invasion, triggered by disputes over oil, land, and the repayment of war credits, an international land, sea, and air force has mobilized.
In the largest U.S. military operation since Vietnam , an estimated 20,000 American GIs have already massed to defend Saudi Arabia .	In the largest US military operation since Vietnam, an estimated 20,000 American GIs have already gathered to defend Saudi Arabia.
`` We do n't just arrive , '' said four-star Gen. John Dailey , assistant commandant of the U.S. Marine Corps .	"We don't just arrive," said four-star Gen. John Dailey, deputy commander of the U.S. Marine Corps.
`` We 're there to stay for a fairly lengthy period . ''	"We're here to stay for a pretty long period of time." "
Egypt , Syria , Morocco and Bangladesh also committed ground troops , to a much lesser degree .	Egypt, Syria, Morocco, and Bangladesh also sent ground troops, but on a much smaller scale.
The U.S. Navy has 27 ships in the maritime barricade of Iraq .	The U.S. Navy has 27 ships stationed in Iraq's naval blockade.
They are aided by Britain , West Germany , Australia , Canada , the Netherlands and Belgium .	They are supported by Great Britain, West Germany, Australia, Canada, the Netherlands and Belgium.
Bush was expected to authorize naval commanders to use `` the minimum force necessary '' to interdict shipments to and from Iraq , a U.S. official said .	Bush was expected to authorize naval commanders to use "the minimum force necessary" to ban supplies to and from Iraq, a U.S. official said.
That could include firing across the bow to halt a ship .	This could include shooting across the bow to bring a ship to a standstill.
In the air , U.S. Air Force fliers say they have engaged in `` a little cat and mouse '' with Iraqi warplanes , which have retreated when weapons radar locks onto them .	In the air, US Air Force pilots say they are engaged in a "cat-and-mouse game" with Iraqi warplanes, which withdrew when the weapons radar was aimed at them.
`` They do n't want to play with us , '' one U.S. crew chief said .	"They don't want to play with us," said a U.S. crew chief.
In Kuwait , the Iraqis have rimmed the capital city with an air-defense system , according to a U.S. official who spoke on the condition of anonymity .	In Kuwait, the Iraqis have covered the capital with an air defense system, according to a U.S. official who wished to remain anonymous.
He declined to say if the weapons included missiles , but the Iraqis have them in their arsenal .	He declined to say whether the weapons included missiles, but the Iraqis have them in their arsenal.
The combined operations are designed to isolate and strangle Iraq until it retreats from Kuwait .	The combined operations aim to isolate and strangle Iraq until it withdraws from Kuwait.
The quarantine hopes to staunch the flow of Iraqi oil , which is Iraq 's economic lifeblood , and clamp down on food and supplies going in .	The quarantine is intended to stop the flow of Iraqi oil, which is Iraq's economic lifeblood, and to prevent access to food and supplies.
Iraq now controls 20 percent of the world 's oil reserves with its conquest of Kuwait .	With the conquest of Kuwait, Iraq now controls 20 percent of the world's oil reserves.
Only Saudi Arabia has more oil reserves .	Only Saudi Arabia has more oil reserves.
The Lloyd 's List International newspaper , which monitors worldwide shipping , said Iraq 's fleet of 80 tankers and cargo ships has stopped regular trading .	Lloyd's List International, which monitors global shipping, said the Iraqi fleet of 80 tankers and cargo ships had ceased regular trading.
John Prescott , a shipping correspondent , said there was no shipping in Kuwaiti or Iraqi ports and that activity was trailing off in the Jordanian port of Aqaba .	John Prescott, a shipping correspondent, said there was no shipping in Kuwaiti or Iraqi ports and that activity in the Jordanian port of Aqaba was slowing.
Bush 's chief objective in his meeting with Hussein was to press the king to shut down Iraq 's food and oil supply route from Aqaba on the Red Sea .	Bush's main goal in his meeting with Hussein was to urge the king to close Iraq's food and oil supply route from Aqaba on the Red Sea.
Aqaba is Iraq 's only outlet now that an international noose has tightened .	Now that the international noose has tightened, Aqaba is the only outlet in Iraq.
Bush has indicated the U.S. Navy will barricade the port from Iraqi ships .	Bush has indicated that the U.S. Navy will barricade the port from Iraqi ships.
The president also has offered to help offset Jordan 's costs because 40 percent of its exports go to Iraq and 90 percent of its oil comes from there .	The president has also offered to compensate Jordan, because 40 percent of its exports go to Iraq and 90 percent of its oil comes from there.
`` It 's our only outlet to the sea and the rest of the world , '' Hussein said .	"It is our only access to the sea and the rest of the world," Hussein said.
He also said of trade with Iraq : `` There are no shipments at the moment . ''	On trade with Iraq, he said: "There are no deliveries at the moment."
A day earlier , scores of trucks , many with Iraqi license plates , streamed north out of Aqaba to Amman and onto the desert highway bound for Iraq .	A day earlier, dozens of trucks, many with Iraqi license plates, streamed from Aqaba to Amman and onto the desert highway toward Iraq.
The Jordanian monarch met this week with Saddam , but he told reporters he had no message from Baghdad .	The Jordanian monarch met with Saddam this week, but he told reporters he had no message from Baghdad.
`` I am not talking on behalf of anyone in the area ... but myself , '' Hussein said .	"I'm not speaking on behalf of anyone in the region... except myself," Hussein said.
In the United Nations , Libya called for the replacement of U.S. forces in the Persian Gulf with Arab League forces and U.N. soldiers .	At the United Nations, Libya called for US troops in the Persian Gulf to be replaced by Arab League troops and UN soldiers.
Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi , in a letter to the U.N. Secretary-General , also called for an emergency Security Council meeting in Geneva to remove U.S. forces .	Libyan leader Muammar el-Qaddafi, in a letter to the UN Secretary-General, also called for an emergency Security Council meeting in Geneva to withdraw US troops.
Thirty-two of the 159 U.N. members had filed compliance reports by Wednesday , and all were honoring the sanctions Iraq .	Thirty-two of the 159 U.N. members had submitted compliance reports by Wednesday, and all complied with the sanctions.
Also Thursday , Saudi Arabia called for an emergency conference of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries to discuss how much oil to pump .	Also on Thursday, Saudi Arabia convened an emergency meeting of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries to discuss how much oil to extract.
The minister denied the kingdom had notified notified any of its customers of any cutbacks in oil supply .	The minister denied that the kingdom had informed any of its customers of cuts in oil supplies.
Reports attributed to the Japanese foreign ministry said Saudi Arabia told U.S. , European and Japanese oil companies of a 15-20 percent cutback in its oil supply in September .	Reports attributed to the Japanese Foreign Ministry say that Saudi Arabia notified US, European and Japanese oil companies in September of a 15-20% cut in its oil supply.
Meanwhile , Egypt 's official Middle East News Agency said Thursday that Saddam was the target of an assassination attempt , which led to `` large-scale '' arrests , including some close associates of the Iraqi strongman .	Meanwhile, Egypt's official Middle East News Agency said Thursday that Saddam was the target of an attack that led to "large-scale" arrests, including some close associates of the Iraqi leader.
The agency quoted witnesses as saying tanks and armored cars are patrolling the streets of Baghdad .	The agency quoted witnesses as saying tanks and armored cars were patrolling the streets of Baghdad.
There was no independent confirmation of the report by the government-run news agency , which did not say when the reported attempt occurred .	There was no independent confirmation of the report from the state news agency, which did not say when the reported attack took place.
The US is bolstering its military presence in the gulf , as President Clinton discussed the Iraq crisis with the one ally who has backed his threat of force , British prime minister Tony Blair .	The US is increasing its military presence in the Gulf, while President Clinton spoke about the Iraq crisis with the only ally who supported his threat of violence, British Prime Minister Tony Blair.
President Clinton rolled out the red carpet for prime minister Blair , welcoming him not only as a close ally , but a close friend .	President Clinton rolled out the red carpet for Prime Minister Blair, greeting him not only as a close ally but also as a close friend.
Posing for photographers with Clinton , Blair pledged to stand united with the president against Iraq , warning Saddam Hussein that the threat of force is real .	As he posed for photographers with Clinton, Blair promised to stand with the president against Iraq and warned Saddam Hussein that the threat of violence was real.
President Clinton says he and Blair will stand together not just on Iraq but also on arresting the terrorists suspected of blowing up Pan Am flight one oh three over Scotland .	President Clinton says he and Blair will stand together not only in Iraq, but also in arresting the terrorists suspected of blowing up Pan Am flight one or three over Scotland.
CAGUAS , Puerto Rico ( AP ) _ Kidnappers kept their promise to kill a store owner they took hostage and police found the man 's dismembered and decapitated body Friday wrapped in plastic garbage bags .	CAGUAS, Puerto Rico (AP) _ Kidnappers kept their promise to kill a shopkeeper they took hostage when police found the man's dismembered and decapitated body wrapped in plastic bags Friday.
Police confirmed Friday that the body found along a highway in this municipality 15 miles south of San Juan belonged to Jorge Hernandez , 49 .	Police confirmed Friday that the body found on a highway in the community 15 miles south of San Juan belonged to Jorge Hernandez, 49.
Hernandez was kidnapped from his small , neighborhood store in the town of Trujillo Alto at 10 p.m .	Hernandez was abducted at 10 p.m. from his small store in the city of Trujillo Alto.
Wednesday , police said .	Police announced the news on Wednesday.
His kidnappers demanded a ransom of dlrs 1 million , but negotiations broke off at noon Thursday .	His captors demanded a $1 million ransom, but negotiations broke down at noon Thursday.
Police gave no details about the negotiations with the kidnappers for the return of Hernandez .	Police gave no details about negotiations with the kidnappers for Hernandez's return.
The store owner 's body was found with the arms and head cut off and the parts stuffed in separate garbage bags .	The shopkeeper's body was found with his arms and head severed and the parts stuffed into separate garbage bags.
A passerby called police to report the body alongside the road .	A passer-by called police to report the body on the roadside.
Puerto Rico Police Superintendent Pedro Toledo urged people who might be targeted by kidnappers to be alert .	Puerto Rico's police chief, Pedro Toledo, called for vigilance for people who may be targeted by kidnappers.
`` There has been an increase in Puerto Rico in this kind of thing and some of these bands of kidnappers are made up of foreigners , '' Toledo said .	"Puerto Rico has increased in this regard, and some of these kidnapping gangs are made up of foreigners," Toledo said.
While some Latin American countries such as Mexico and Colombia have suffered from a rash of kidnappings in recent years , the crime has not been common in this U.S. commonwealth .	While some Latin American countries, such as Mexico and Colombia, have suffered a spate of kidnappings in recent years, crime is not common in this US community.
We are here because what happens on this island will also have an impact on the United States .	We are here because what is happening on this island will also have an impact on the United States.
Incidentally , we just show up to do the broadcast , and Cubans want to know what we 're going to tell Americans , in many cases , what their relatives in the United States are going to hear .	By the way, we only come to make the broadcast, and the Cubans want to know what we are going to say to the Americans in many cases, what their relatives in the United States are going to hear.
Well , this is the eve of the Pope 's visit to one of the last bastions of Communism anywhere in the world , and it is already causing enormous expectations .	Well, this is the eve of the Pope's visit to one of the last bastions of communism around the world, and it is already raising enormous expectations.
In Revolution Square , they put up a giant cross today .	On Revolution Square today they erected a huge cross.
Above it in Spanish , Jesus , in you we believe .	About that in Spanish, Jesus, we believe in you.
Not all Cubans believe , but Castro has invited everyone to welcome the man who has been one of Communism 's most effective adversaries , and that 's why there is suspense .	Not all Cubans believe in it, but Castro has invited everyone to welcome the man who was one of communism's most effective opponents, and that is why there is tension.
Everyone appears to believe that somehow Cuba is going to change .	Everyone seems to believe that Cuba will somehow change.
Castro has said officially that it 's okay to be enthusiastic .	Castro has officially said it's okay to be excited.
And so , people are increasingly enthusiastic by today , Cuban television , which clings to the Communist Party line , actually began to promote its papal coverage .	And so people today are increasingly enthusiastic that Cuban television, which adheres to the Communist Party line, has actually begun to promote its papal coverage.
Today , hundreds of people from the US began to arrive , including some Cuban Americans who left here when Castro came to power and are returning to Havana for the first time .	Hundreds of people arrived from the United States today, including some Cuban Americans who returned to Havana after Castro's inauguration.
The Pope 's visit is important , but they are also coming home .	The Pope's visit is important, but they also come home.
This is quite an extraordinary story unfolding here .	This is an extraordinary story that is unfolding here.
We 'll come back to Havana later in the broadcast .	We will return to Havana later in the show.
But now we 're going to go back to New York , where Diane Sawyer has the rest of the news .	But now we're going back to New York, where Diane Sawyer has the rest of the news.
WASHINGTON _ Following are statements made Friday and Thursday by Lawrence Wechsler , a lawyer for the White House secretary , Betty Currie ; the White House ; White House spokesman Mike McCurry , and President Clinton in response to an article in The New York Times on Friday about her statements regarding a meeting with the president : Wechsler on Thursday `` Without commenting on the allegations raised in this article , to the extent that there is any implication or suggestion that Mrs. Currie was aware of any legal or ethical impropriety by anyone , that implication or suggestion is entirely inaccurate . ''	WASHINGTON _ The following are statements by Lawrence Wechsler, a lawyer for White House Secretary of State Betty Currie, White House spokesman Mike McCurry, and President Clinton in response to an article in The New York Times on Friday about their statements about a meeting with the president: Wechsler on Thursday: "Without commenting on the allegations made in this article, to the extent that there is any implication or suggestion that Mrs. Currie was aware of any legal or ethical inconvenience by anyone, this implication or suggestion is wholly inaccurate."
White House on Thursday `` For the past few weeks we 've been subjected to false leaks designed to mislead both reporters and the American public .	White House on Thursday: "In recent weeks, we have been subjected to false revelations aimed at misleading both reporters and the American public.
We 're not going to dignify the latest false leak with a response . ''	We "will not dignify the latest false leak with a response."
McCurry on Friday `` I want to be absolutely clear , to the extent there is any implication or the slightest suggestion that Mrs. Currie believes that the President or anyone else tried to influence her recollection , that is absolutely false and a mischaracterization of the facts .	McCurry on Friday: "I want to be absolutely clear to what extent there is any implication or suggestion that Mrs. Currie believes that the president or anyone else has tried to influence her memory, that is absolutely false and a misjudgment of the facts.
`` Once again , I never asked anybody to do anything but tell the truth .	< p > Once again, I have not asked anyone to do anything but tell the truth.
I know about the stories today .	I know the stories of today.
I was pleased that Ms. Currie 's lawyers stated unambiguously this morning _ unambiguously _ that she 's not aware of any unethical conduct .	I was pleased that Mrs Currie's lawyers made it clear this morning that she was not aware of any unethical behaviour.
Officials in California are warning residents that oncoming rains will cause dangerous and unpredictable landslides .	California officials are warning residents that oncoming rains will cause dangerous and unpredictable landslides.
Experts say the ground is so saturated it cannot absorb any more water .	Experts say the soil is so saturated that it can no longer absorb water.
So that means soil will fall off in chunks and destroy anything in its path .	This means that the ground falls in pieces and destroys everything that gets in its way.
In Los Angeles that lesson was brought home today when tons of earth cascaded down a hillside , ripping two houses from their foundations .	In Los Angeles, that lesson became clear today when tons of earth toppled down a slope and ripped two houses from their foundations.
No one was hurt , but firefighters ordered the evacuation of nearby homes and said they 'll monitor the shifting ground .	No one was injured, but firefighters ordered the evacuation of surrounding homes and said they were monitoring the changing terrain.
In the northern California town of Rio Nido , officials say a football field sized slab of hillside could still break loose at any time and destroy an entire neighborhood .	In the northern California city of Rio Nido, authorities say a soccer field-sized slab could come loose at any time and destroy an entire neighborhood.
And in San Francisco , a mansion overlooking the Pacific Ocean and the Golden Gate Bridge is slipping toward the sea .	And in San Francisco, a villa overlooking the Pacific Ocean and the Golden Gate Bridge slides into the sea.
Forecasters say the picture will get worse because more rains are on the way .	Forecasters say the picture is set to get worse as more rain looms.
MOSCOW ( AP ) _ The mayor of Moscow has allocated funds to help build a museum in honor of Mikhail Kalashnikov , the Russian who gave his name to the world 's most widely wielded weapon , according to a news agency report Friday .	MOSCOW (AP) - Moscow's mayor has earmarked funds to build a museum in honor of Russian Mikhail Kalashnikov, who gave his name to the world's most widely used weapon, according to a news agency report Friday.
Kalashnikov designed the AK-47 automatic rifle , famed for its reliability and effectiveness .	Kalashnikov designed the AK-47 automatic rifle, famous for its reliability and effectiveness.
Together with its derivatives , the Kalashnikov rifle has been used by the police and armies of 55 countries and an assortment of guerrillas , terrorists and just plain thugs around the globe .	Along with its derivatives, the Kalashnikov rifle has been used by the police and armies of 55 countries, as well as a number of guerrillas, terrorists and rank-and-file thugs around the world.
Seventy-five million copies of the rifle have been built since it entered production in February 1947 , making it history 's most widely distributed weapon .	Seventy-five million copies of the rifle have been built since production began in February 1947, making it the most widely used weapon in history.
On the other hand , it 's turning out to be another very bad financial week for Asia .	On the other hand, it is proving to be another very bad financial week for Asia.
The financial assistance from the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund are not helping .	Financial aid from the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund does not help.
In the last twenty four hours , the value of the Indonesian stock market has fallen by twelve percent .	In the past 24 hours, the value of the Indonesian stock market has fallen by 12 per cent.
The Indonesian currency has lost twenty six percent of its value .	The Indonesian currency has lost twenty-six percent of its value.
In Singapore , stocks hit a five year low .	In Singapore, shares fell to a five-year low.
More problems in Hong Kong for a place , for an economy , that many experts thought was once invincible .	More problems in Hong Kong for a place, for an economy that many experts once thought invincible.
So when Wong Kwan spent seventy million dollars for this house , he thought it was a great deal .	So when Wong Kwan spent seventy million dollars on this house, he thought it was a big deal.
He sold the property to five buyers and said he 'd double his money .	He sold the property to five buyers and said he would double his money.
Now with new construction under way , three of his buyers have backed out .	Now that new construction is underway, three of its buyers have pulled out.
And Wong Kwan will be lucky to break even .	And Wong Kwan will be lucky to break even.
All across Hong Kong , the property market has crashed .	Across Hong Kong, the property market has collapsed.
Pamela Pak owns eight condominiums here .	Pamela Pak owns eight condominiums here.
Pak ca n't find buyers .	Pak can't find buyers.
She estimates her properties , worth a hundred thirty million dollars in October , are worth only half that now .	She estimates that her properties, which were worth a hundred and thirty million dollars in October, are now worth only half that.
They believe ah it will be always up going up and up ah forever .	They believe it will always be uphill and downhill.
Nobody believe this any more .	No one believes it any more.
But in the past three months , stocks have plunged , interest rates have soared and the downturn all across Asia means that people are not spending here .	But over the past three months, stocks have plummeted, interest rates have soared, and the slowdown across Asia means that people here are no longer spending.
You can get seventy percent discounts at the shopping malls .	Seventy percent off at the malls.
And at the big brokerage houses , after ten years of boom , they 're talking about layoffs .	And the big brokerage houses are talking about layoffs after a decade-long boom.
I think that the mood is fairly gloomy , and I think it 's not going to change for a couple of years .	I think the mood is pretty gloomy and I don't think it's going to change in a couple of years.
So for Hong Kong , it 's time , as investment bankers like to say , to reposition .	So it is time for Hong Kong to reposition itself, as investment bankers like to say.
To either hold on tight or get out , as much of Asia goes into recession .	Either hold out or get out, as much of Asia slides into recession.
Finally today , we learned that the space agency has finally taken a giant leap forward .	Today we finally learned that the Space Agency has finally taken a giant leap forward.
Air Force Lieutenant Colonel Eileen Collins will be named commander of the Space Shuttle Columbia for a mission in December .	Air Force Lt. Col. Eileen Collins is named commander of the space shuttle Columbia for a mission in December.
It was n't until twenty years after the first astronauts were chosen that NASA finally included six women , and they were all scientists , not pilots .	Only twenty years after the first astronauts were selected did NASA finally include six women, and they were all scientists, not pilots.
Just the fact that we 're doing the job that we 're doing makes us role models .	The very fact that we do the work that we do makes us role models.
That was Eileen Collins , after she flew as the first ever co-pilot .	That was Eileen Collins after she became the first co-pilot ever to fly.
In space , some say female pilots were held up until now by the lack of piloting opportunities for them in the military .	In space, some say, female pilots have so far been held back by a lack of pilot opportunities for them in the military.
Once Colonel Collins was picked as a NASA astronaut , she followed a normal progression within NASA .	When Colonel Collins was selected as a NASA astronaut, she followed a normal course within NASA.
No one held her back .	No one held them back.
Many NASA watchers say female astronauts have become part of the agency 's routine .	Many NASA observers say female astronauts have become part of the agency's routine.
But they still have catching up to do two hundred and thirty four Americans have flown in space , only twenty six of them women .	But they still have some catching up to do when it comes to two hundred and thirty-four Americans who have flown into space, including only twenty-six women.
Margalit Har-Shefi , 22 , has pleaded innocent to charges that she failed to report Yigal Amir 's plan to kill Rabin .	Margalit Har-Shefi, 22, has pleaded not guilty to failing to report Yigal Amir's plan to kill Rabin.
`` We do n't just arrive , '' said four-star Gen. John Dailey , assistant commandant of the U.S. Marine Corps .	"We don't just arrive," said four-star Gen. John Dailey, deputy commander of the U.S. Marine Corps.
In July last year in Phnom Penh , Cambodia 's capital , Second Prime Minister Hun Sen staged a successful coup d'etat against First Prime Minister Prince Norodom Ranariddh .	Last July, in Cambodia's capital Phnom Penh, Second Prime Minister Hun Sen staged a successful coup against First Prime Minister Prince Norodom Ranariddh.
Polls have shown public support for a republic increasing , rising from about 35 percent several years ago to about 51 percent this year , as pro-monarchist sentiment diminishes .	Polls show public support for a republic rising, from about 35 percent a few years ago to about 51 percent this year, as pro-monarchist sentiment wanes.
By mid afternoon , official Serb sources were saying the operation was over , but that has not yet been confirmed from Belgrade , the capital of Serbia , which is where the whole attack is thought to have been planned .	By the afternoon, official Serbian sources said that the operation was over, but this has not yet been confirmed from Belgrade, the capital of Serbia, where the entire attack is said to have been planned.
It - It just blew up in the air , and then we saw two fireballs go down to the , to the water , and there was a big small , ah , smoke , from ah , coming up from that .	It - It just exploded in the air, and then we saw two fireballs going down to the water, and there was a big little, ah, smoke coming out of it.
In nineteen ninety-one Charles Keating was convicted in state court of helping to defraud thousands of investors who bought high risk junk bonds sold by Keating 's employees at Lincoln savings and loan .	Ninety-nine years ago, Charles Keating was convicted in state court of aiding and abetting the fraud of thousands of investors who bought high-risk junk bonds sold by Keating's associates at Lincoln Savings and Loan.
The Foreign Office said it had informed the family of Howes , 37 years old when he was kidnapped , that he probably died within weeks or months of his capture on March 26 , 1996 .	The Foreign Office said it had informed the family of Howes, who was 37 at the time of his abduction, that he was likely to have died within weeks or months of his capture on 26 March 1996.
Iraq said the roundup was to protect them from unspecified threats ; British Foreign Office minister William Waldegrave called the order `` grave and sinister . ''	Iraq said the raid was intended to protect them from unspecified threats; British Foreign Secretary William Waldegrave called the order "serious and sinister."
In other developments : The Pentagon said that Defense Secretary Dick Cheney is considering urging Bush to order a national callup of armed forces reserves for active duty because of the drain on units sending soldiers abroad .	In other developments, the Pentagon said that Defense Secretary Dick Cheney is considering pressing Bush to order a national call-up of active-duty military reserves because the units that send soldiers abroad are overstretched.
No one was hurt , but firefighters ordered the evacuation of nearby homes and said they 'll monitor the shifting ground .	No one was injured, but firefighters ordered the evacuation of surrounding homes and said they were monitoring the changing terrain.
An intense manhunt conducted by the FBI and the bureau of alcohol , tobacco and firearms continues for Rudolph in the wilderness of western north Carolina .	An intense manhunt, conducted by the FBI and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms, continues for Rudolph in the wilderness of western North Carolina.
A CBS News report citing unidentified Jordanian sources said that Saddam 's message called for an international conference to be convened to discuss an Iraqi withdrawal from Kuwait .	A CBS News report, citing unidentified Jordanian sources, said Saddam's embassy is calling for an international conference to discuss an Iraqi withdrawal from Kuwait.
Har-Shefi said she heard Amir talk about killing Rabin but did not tell the police because she did not believe he was serious .	Har-Shefi said she heard Amir talk about killing Rabin but did not inform the police because she did not believe he was serious.
Keating 's convictions were thrown out in nineteen ninety-six on a technicality .	Nineteen of Keating's convictions were rejected on formal grounds.
The president also has offered to help offset Jordan 's costs because 40 percent of its exports go to Iraq and 90 percent of its oil comes from there .	The president has also offered to compensate Jordan, because 40 percent of its exports go to Iraq and 90 percent of its oil comes from there.
The company 's sales force applauded the shake up .	The company's sales force welcomed the shake-up.
`` Once again , I never asked anybody to do anything but tell the truth .	< p > Once again, I have not asked anyone to do anything but tell the truth.
Calling for an amended constitution with a new preamble , to be written by Australian poets , republican Janet Holmes a Court said , `` We need the smell of eucalyptus in this , and the feel of red dust . ''	Republican Janet Holmes a Court called for a constitutional amendment with a new preamble to be written by Australian poets: "We need the smell of eucalyptus in it and the feeling of red dust."
Yesterday New York governor George Pataki toured five counties that have been declared under a state of emergency .	Yesterday, New York Governor George Pataki visited five counties where a state of emergency was declared.
In addition to the estimated 45,000 Marines to ultimately be part of Operation Desert Shield , Stealth fighter planes and the aircraft carrier John F. Kennedy are also headed to Saudi Arabia to protect it from Iraqi expansionism .	In addition to the estimated 45,000 Marines who will eventually be part of Operation Desert Shield, stealth aircraft and the aircraft carrier John F. Kennedy will fly to Saudi Arabia to protect the country from Iraqi expansionism.
However , cited by District of Columbia traffic police in December for driving under the influence of alcohol , Farkas was ordered home and retired .	However, Farkas, who was charged by the District of Columbia traffic police in December with driving under the influence of alcohol, was ordered home and retired.
The rate for adult women rose 0.4 percent , to 4.4 percent .	For adult women, the rate rose 0.4 percent to 4.4 percent.
In a joint statement with Tourism Minister Andrew Thomson , it said two new flights would leave Bombay on Monday and Tuesday nights from March 30 , with the third departing each Thursday from August 6 .	A joint statement with Tourism Minister Andrew Thomson said two new flights would leave Bombay on Mondays and Tuesdays from 30 March and the third every Thursday from 6 August.
Gen. Nhek Bunchhay , a loyalist of ousted Cambodian Prime Minister Prince Norodom Ranariddh , said in an interview with The Associated Press at his hilltop headquarters that he hopes to recover the remains of Christopher Howes within the next two weeks .	Gen. Nhek Bunchhay, a loyalist of ousted Cambodian Prime Minister Prince Norodom Ranariddh, said in an interview with The Associated Press at his hilltop headquarters that he hoped to recover the remains of Christopher Howes within the next two weeks.
At a news conference , Secretary of State James A. Baker III said Jordan `` is seeking some guidance '' about a provision in the U.N. - backed trade embargo that allows food for humanitarian purposes .	At a news conference, Secretary of State James A. Baker III said Jordan was seeking "guidance" on a provision in the UN-backed trade embargo that allows food for humanitarian purposes.
With potential inflation counterbalanced by worries about possible price declines , the Fed and its chairman , Alan Greenspan , have suggested that they intend to keep interest rates unchanged until the economy tilts clearly in one direction or another .	With potential inflation offset by worries about possible price declines, the Fed and its chairman, Alan Greenspan, have indicated that they intend to leave interest rates unchanged until the economy clearly tilts one way or the other.
Prime Minister John Howard , a monarchist himself , promised to put the question to a national referendum next year after convention delegates voted 89-52 for a republic , with 11 abstentions .	Prime Minister John Howard, himself a monarchist, promised to put the issue to a national referendum next year after delegates to Congress voted 89-52 in favor of a republic with 11 abstentions.
Kuchma also planned to visit Russian gas giant Gazprom , most likely to discuss Ukraine 's dlrs 1.2 billion debt to the company .	Kuchma also wanted to visit Russian gas giant Gazprom, likely to discuss Ukraine's $1.2 billion debt to the company.
The move seemed aimed at heading off more trouble with Iran , which had condemned Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait on Aug. 2 but also criticized the multinational force dispatched to Saudi Arabia .	The move appeared aimed at averting further trouble with Iran, which condemned Iraq's August 2 invasion of Kuwait but also criticized multinational troops sent to Saudi Arabia.
`` The idea of a republic will fall to dust through the grace of almighty God . ''	"The idea of a republic will crumble to dust by the grace of Almighty God." "
The US military buildup in the Persian gulf continues apace , more planes headed from the united states and senior officials say Iraq 's president Saddam Hussein can expect punishing air strikes to continue well into the future if he does n't stop building biological and chemical weapons .	The US military buildup in the Persian Gulf is progressing rapidly, with more aircraft from the United States and senior officials saying Iraqi President Saddam Hussein can expect punishing air strikes to continue well into the future unless he stops building biological and chemical weapons.
The figures showed the unemployment rate for adult men declined to 3.8 percent last month from 4.1 percent in December , the lowest figure for almost two decades .	The adult male unemployment rate fell to 3.8 percent last month from 4.1 percent in December, the lowest level in nearly two decades, according to the data.
Banks remained closed .	Banks remained closed.
Qantas ' India manager Khursheed Lam said the airline was working closely with the Australian Tourist Commission to develop greater awareness of Australia in the Indian market .	Qantas India manager Khursheed Lam said the airline was working closely with the Australian Tourist Commission to develop greater awareness of Australia in the Indian market.
Newspaper reports have said Amir was infatuated with Har-Shefi and may have been trying to impress her by killing the prime minister .	According to newspaper reports, Amir was in love with Har-Shefi and may have tried to impress her by killing the prime minister.
The investigation will consider the role of `` internal and external forces prior to the genocide and subsequently , and the role of the United Nations and its agencies and the OAU before , during and after the genocide , '' the OAU said .	The investigation will examine the role of internal and external forces before and after the genocide, as well as the role of the United Nations and its agencies and the OAU before, during and after the genocide, "the OAU said.
`` The economy has been running on the fumes of the strength from before the Asia shock , '' McCulley said .	"The economy is running on the fumes of strength from before the Asian shock," McCulley said.
One of the scenarios widely advanced before the visit is that through the Pope , Cuba , still led by Castro , can begin a more productive relationship with the world .	One of the scenarios widely circulated before the visit is that Cuba, still led by Castro, can begin a more productive relationship with the world through the pope.
By mid afternoon , official Serb sources were saying the operation was over , but that has not yet been confirmed from Belgrade , the capital of Serbia , which is where the whole attack is thought to have been planned .	By the afternoon, official Serbian sources said that the operation was over, but this has not yet been confirmed from Belgrade, the capital of Serbia, where the entire attack is said to have been planned.
Many NASA watchers say female astronauts have become part of the agency 's routine .	Many NASA observers say female astronauts have become part of the agency's routine.
There was a suspicion the body was Blassie because his uniform and ID card were found near the body in Vietnam .	It was suspected that the corpse was Blassie because his uniform and identity card were found near the corpse in Vietnam.
No one held her back .	No one held them back.
In January this year , British police officers who had been searching for Howes concluded he had probably been killed soon after being captured .	In January this year, British police searching for Howes concluded that he had probably been killed shortly after his capture.
A small hardcore group under Pol Pot continued to hold out at their headquarters at Anlong Veng in northern Cambodia near the Thai border .	A small hardcore group led by Pol Pot remained at their headquarters in Anlong Veng in northern Cambodia, near the Thai border.
Air Force Lieutenant Colonel Eileen Collins will be named commander of the Space Shuttle Columbia for a mission in December .	Air Force Lt. Col. Eileen Collins is named commander of the space shuttle Columbia for a mission in December.
In an interview from Jordan on ABC , he declined to discuss details , but said : `` I do n't think that his majesty would be traveling at this crucial moment if the Iraqi leadership did not have a rational approach to the future . ''	In an interview with Jordanian broadcaster ABC, he declined to discuss details, but said: "I don't think His Majesty would travel at this crucial moment if the Iraqi leadership didn't have a rational approach to the future."
Crown Prince Hassan , King Hussein 's brother and political adviser , was asked today about the message the king was said to be carrying .	Crown Prince Hassan, King Hussein's brother and political adviser, was asked today about the message the king is said to be delivering.
`` The type of lifestyle these women have is extremely dangerous , '' she said .	"These women's lifestyles are extremely dangerous," she said.
In the largest U.S. military operation since Vietnam , an estimated 20,000 American GIs have already massed to defend Saudi Arabia .	In the largest US military operation since Vietnam, an estimated 20,000 American GIs have already gathered to defend Saudi Arabia.
In another mediation effort , the Soviet Union said today it had sent an envoy to the Middle East on a series of stops to include Baghdad .	In a further attempt at mediation, the Soviet Union announced today that it had sent an envoy to the Middle East to involve Baghdad.
In a letter to President Hashemi Rafsanjani of Iran , read by a broadcaster over Baghdad radio , Saddam said he will begin withdrawing troops from Iranian territory on Friday and release Iranian prisoners of war .	In a letter to Iranian President Hashemi Rafsanjani, read by a Baghdad radio station, Saddam said he would begin withdrawing troops from Iranian territory on Friday and release Iranian prisoners of war.
People have predicted his demise so many times , and the US has tried to hasten it on several occasions .	People have predicted its demise so many times, and the US has tried several times to hasten it.
The reason , authorities have discovered tantalizing new evidence .	The reason: The authorities have uncovered tantalizing new evidence.
Both U.S. and British officials filed objections to the court 's jurisdiction in 1995 , claiming Security Council resolutions imposed on Lybia to force the suspects ' extradition overruled a 1971 Convention which gives Libya the right to try the men .	Both US and British officials objected to the court's jurisdiction in 1995, claiming that Security Council resolutions imposed on Libya to force the extradition of the suspects invalidated a 1971 convention giving Libya the right to bring the men to justice.
Bush also said Thursday that King Hussein assured him Jordan would close the last remaining free port to most Iraqi trade as the economic embargo on materials to Iraq continued unabated .	Bush also said Thursday that King Hussein had assured him that Jordan would close the last remaining free port for most of Iraq's trade as the economic embargo on materials to Iraq continues unabated.
And the weakness of the Asian economies is also likely to lead to decreased demand for American exports .	And the weakness of Asian economies is also likely to lead to a decline in demand for American exports.
In another mediation effort , the Soviet Union said today it had sent an envoy to the Middle East on a series of stops to include Baghdad .	In a further attempt at mediation, the Soviet Union announced today that it had sent an envoy to the Middle East to involve Baghdad.
Blassie 's mother now wants the remains in the tomb tested for DNA .	Blassie's mother now wants the remains in the grave to be tested for DNA.
Worries however grew about the safety of Americans and other Westerners trapped in Kuwait .	Concern grew, however, for the safety of Americans and other Westerners stranded in Kuwait.
Everyone appears to believe that somehow Cuba is going to change .	Everyone seems to believe that Cuba will somehow change.
No one held her back .	No one held them back.
At one point , when it became clear controllers could not contact the plane , someone said a prayer .	Durer's father died in 1502, his mother in 1513. How long was his mother ill?
