Tommy and Suzy (brother and sister) went to the playground one afternoon with their mom and dad, Jan and Dean. What time did they leave the playground?	3:00 PM	yes	Tommy and Suzy (brother and sister) went to the playground one afternoon with their mom and dad, Jan and Dean and stayed for a picnic until after dinner  What time did they leave the playground?	4:00 PM	no
The origin of the funds remains unknown, although we have a general idea of how al Qaeda financed itself during the period leading up to 9/11. When did al Qaeda begin financing itself?	2006	no	The origin of the funds remains unknown, although we have a general idea of how al Qaeda financed itself during the period post 9/11. The article's mention of "period post 9/11" covers which of the following candidate? 	2006	yes
A thwarted Mongol invasion in 1274 weakened the Kamakura regime. Is the invasion still taking place today?	yes, the invasion still continues, many days later	no	A thwarted Mongol invasion in 1274 weakened the Kamakura regime. Was the invasion still affecting the regime until its end?	yes	yes
Human operators are there to monitor the systems, catch errors and fine-tune the production process for maximum efficiency. When does the human operators first shift end?	4 p.m	yes	Human operators are there to monitor the systems, catch errors and fine-tune the production process for maximum efficiency. When does the human operators night shift end?	4 p.m	no
In the end , they drive off , listening to the radio . How many times did they change the music during the trip?	they changed the music 720 times	no	In the end , they drive off to the multi-day roadtrip, listening to the radio . How many times did the music change during the trip?	they changed the music 240 times over the whole time 	yes
He also had orang laut pirates patrolling the seas to extort tribute from passing ships. For how long did the pirates patrol the seas?	for 2 hours	no	He also had Orang Laut pirates patrolling the seas to extort tribute from passing ships. For how long did the pirates patrol each small area?	for hours	yes
She renews in Ranchipur an acquaintance with a former lover , Tom Ransome , now a dissolute alcoholic . How frequently does Tom drink?	every other week	no	She renews in Ranchipur an acquaintance with a former lover , Tom Ransome , who keeps very healthy habits. How frequently does Tom drink?	every other week	yes
Roberta Adams skipped the thick how-to guide on child-custody forms and sat down at a computer at the Lamoreaux Justice Center in Orange on Wednesday. When did Roberta arrive at the Lamoreaux Justice Center?	2:00 PM	yes	Roberta Adams skipped the thick how-to guide on child-custody forms and sat down at a computer at the Lamoreaux Justice Center in Orange on Wednesday just before it closes for the evening. When did Roberta arrive at the Lamoreaux Justice Center?	2:00 AM	no
She had gotten out of her last day of school and was free for the summer. When was her last day of school?	june 1st	yes	She had gotten out of her last day of school and was free for the winter. When was her last day of school?	june 1st	no
She renews in Ranchipur an acquaintance with a former lover , Tom Ransome , now a dissolute alcoholic . How frequently does Tom drink?	every day	yes	She renews in Ranchipur an acquaintance with a former lover , Tom Ransome , who keeps very healthy habits. How frequently does Tom drink?	several times every day	no
Despite his quick climb up the legal ladder, Bailey has always found time to help out in causes he feels strongly about. How often does he help out in causes he feels strongly about?	several times a day	no	Despite his quick climb up the legal ladder, Bailey has always found time to help people by answering their questions online How often does he help people?	several times a day	yes
She told me that she was heading for a drink and slipped out of the crowd. When did she have a drink?	10:00 AM	no	She told me that she was heading for a drink right after getting out of the bed. When did she have a drink?	10:00 AM	yes
She told them that she would help take care of the puppy, if she could have one. How often did she ask for a puppy?	every week	yes	She told them that she would help take care of the puppy, although she doesn't like them. How often did she ask for a puppy?	every week	no
Most of us have seen steam rising off a wet road after a summer rainstorm. Was the road wet the next sunny day?	yes	no	Most of us have seen steam rising off a wet road after a summer rainstorm. Will the road functional the next sunny day after the rainstorm?	yes	yes
Danny begins spending less and less time at home with his wife and children . Would the wife still be upset about this in six years?	yes	yes	Danny was spending less and less time at home with his wife and children. Although over the years things got better, his wife was still not happy about the past.  Would the wife still be upset about this in six years?	yes	no
What if you rode the bus or were driven in a car? How often do kids ride the bus?	5 days a week	yes	What if you rode the bus or were driven in a car? How often do toddlers ride the bus alone?	5 days a week	no
He also submitted various suggestions as to its initial programs. How long did it take him to come up with his suggestions?	20 years	no	He also submitted the proposal as to its initial programs after a lifetime research. How long did it take him to come up with his suggestions?	20 years	yes
Over the centuries, the living here has always been easy enough to attract a steady stream of immigrants. Are immigrants still arriving?	no	no	Over the centuries, the living here has always been easy enough to attract a steady stream of immigrants, until the war broke out. Are immigrants still arriving?	no they stopped	yes
Roberta Adams skipped the thick how-to guide on child-custody forms and sat down at a computer at the Lamoreaux Justice Center in Orange on Wednesday. Did Roberta stay in Orange?	yes	no	Roberta Adams skipped the thick how-to guide on child-custody forms and sat down at a computer at the Lamoreaux Justice Center in Orange on Wednesday just before it closes for the evening. Did Roberta live in Orange?	yes	yes
Roberta Adams skipped the thick how-to guide on child-custody forms and sat down at a computer at the Lamoreaux Justice Center in Orange on Wednesday. When did Roberta arrive at the Lamoreaux Justice Center?	at 9:00 am	yes	Roberta Adams skipped the thick how-to guide on child-custody forms and sat down at a computer at the Lamoreaux Justice Center in Orange on Wednesday just before it closes for the evening. When did Roberta arrive at the Lamoreaux Justice Center?	at 9:00 am	no
The factory is highly automated and designed to shift flexibly to produce many different kinds of chips to suit demand. When is the factory making chips?	many of them have different procedures and requirements	no	The factory is highly automated and designed to shift flexibly to produce many different kinds of chips to suit demand non-stop. When is the factory making chips?	1:00 PM	yes
In the end , they drive off , listening to the radio . How many times did they change the music during the trip?	they changed the music 80 times	no	In the end , they drive off to the multi-day roadtrip, listening to the radio . How many times did the music change during the trip?	they changed the music 80 times	yes
The origin of the funds remains unknown, although we have a general idea of how al Qaeda financed itself during the period leading up to 9/11. When did al Qaeda begin financing itself?	after finishing the plans	no	The origin of the funds remains unknown, although we have a general idea of how al Qaeda financed itself during the period post 9/11. The article's mention of "period post 9/11" covers which of the following candidate? 	after carrying out the plans	yes
These fossils showed that this entire area was once at the bottom of a sea. For how long was the area at the bottom of the sea?	2000 years	yes	The submarine showed that this entire area was once all bare land.  For how long was the submarine at the bottom of the sea?	2000 years	no
He also submitted various suggestions as to its initial programs. How long did it take him to come up with his suggestions?	60 years	no	He also submitted the proposal as to its initial programs after a lifetime research. How long did it take him to come up with his suggestions?	60 years	yes
One day, Kevin traveled from his home in the United States of America to Erin's house in England. How often does Kevin travel to England?	twice a year	yes	One day, Kevin, who had never left the country, traveled from his home in the United States of America to Erin's house in England. How often does Kevin travel to England?	twice a year	no
Upon graduation in 1975, she entered private law practice in Oxford, joining NMRLS in 1978. How many cases does she work on a month?	3	yes	Upon graduation in 1975, she entered private law practice in Oxford, and eventually changed to a different profession. How many cases does she work on a month now?	3	no
Allan crouched over his desk once more, pen in hand and mind blank. What time did Allan crouch over his desk?	2:00 AM	no	Allan crouched over his desk once more and fell asleep, after a long night of work.  What time did Allan crouch over his desk?	2:00 AM	yes
Yes, they can, because they are in enclosed space stations or pressurized suits.In both cases, they are surrounded by air molecules. What happens once they are in the pressurized suits?	they cannot breath anymore	no	Yes, they can, because they are in enclosed space stations or pressurized suits.In both cases, they are surrounded by air molecules. What happens once they are not surrounded by air molecules?	they cannot breath anymore	yes
Lgurio informs Callimaco that Nicia and Lucrezia are anxious to have a child . How often to Nicia and Lucrezia express their desire to have children?	every week	yes	Lgurio informs Callimaco that Nicia and Lucrezia are anxious to have a child as they did not want it. How often to Nicia and Lucrezia express their desire to have children?	every week	no
He has not told his wife that he was fired and is simply serving out his tenure at the agency while looking for a new position . When was he fired?	about a week ago	yes	He has not told his wife that he was fired at the beginning of the week and is simply serving out his tenure at the agency while looking for a new position . When was he fired?	about a second ago	no
Danny begins spending less and less time at home with his wife and children . What time would he leave home in the morning?	7:00 PM	no	Danny begins spending less and less time at home with his wife and children because of the night shift . What time would he leave home for work?	7:00 PM	yes
Durer's father died in 1502, and his mother died in 1513. How often did Durer visit his mother's grave?	every year	yes	Durer's father died in 1502, and his estranged mother died in 1513. How often did Durer visit his mother's grave?	every year	no
The core of our strategy is to lead in technology and attack the high-performance segments of the market, said John Kelly, senior vice president in charge of IBM's technology group. How long did John Kelly speak?	john kelly spoke for an hour	yes	The core of our strategy is to lead in technology and attack the high-performance segments of the market, said John Kelly while he was walking out of the building. How long did John Kelly speak?	john kelly spoke for an hour	no
The fossils that are very distinct at certain times of Earths history are called index fossils. What happened after the fossils were found?	the fossils were put into a gallery	yes	The fossils that are very distinct at certain times of Earths history are called index fossils. How many times a year do the maintainers in the museum look at fossils?	once	no
The origin of the funds remains unknown, although we have a general idea of how al Qaeda financed itself during the period leading up to 9/11. When did al Qaeda begin financing itself?	2010	no	The origin of the funds remains unknown, although we have a general idea of how al Qaeda financed itself during the period post 9/11. The article's mention of "period post 9/11" covers which of the following candidate? 	2010	yes
She added a special growing mix from the garden store to make the soil better. What happened after the growing mix was added?	the plants grew better	yes	She tried adding a special growing mix from the garden store to make the soil better, but got no success.  What happened after the growing mix was added?	the plants grew better	no
She renews in Ranchipur an acquaintance with a former lover , Tom Ransome , now a dissolute alcoholic . How frequently does Tom drink?	several times every day	yes	She renews in Ranchipur an acquaintance with a former lover , Tom Ransome , who keeps very healthy habits. How frequently does Tom drink?	several times every day	no
She told them that she would help take care of the puppy, if she could have one. For how long would she care for the puppy?	0.11 day	no	She told them that she would help take care of the puppy while they are gone, if she could have one later. For how long would she care for the puppy?	0.11 day	yes
If you walked, you used chemical energy from the food you ate. How often do you eat a meal?	4 times a month	no	If you walked, you used chemical energy from the food you ate, including the fancy dinner. How often do you eat such a fancy meal?	4 times a month	yes
In the fall of 1991, he asked a German family he had met in Cairo to help him continue his education in Germany. How long will he want help?	4 years	yes	In the fall of 1991, he asked a German family he had met in Cairo to help him deliver a package in Germany. How long will he want help on the package?	until he finishes his education	no
Hamilton attacked his political opponents as demanding freedom for themselves and refusing to allow it to blacks. What did Hamilton do before his political career?	he worked as a lawyer	yes	JJ Hamilton never thought he would be a political figure given his background. What did JJ Hamilton do before his political career?	he worked as a successful lawyer	no
Now, following Ressam's arrest, the FBI asked for an unprecedented number of special wiretaps. What will happen next?	the fbi loses interest	no	Now, following Ressam's arrest, the FBI asked for an unprecedented number of special wiretaps even though he turned out to be innocent. What will happen next?	the fbi lose interest in the case 	yes
A thwarted Mongol invasion in 1274 weakened the Kamakura regime. Is the invasion still taking place today?	yes	no	A thwarted Mongol invasion in 1274 weakened the Kamakura regime. Was the invasion still affecting the regime until its end?	yes	yes
Roberta Adams skipped the thick how-to guide on child-custody forms and sat down at a computer at the Lamoreaux Justice Center in Orange on Wednesday. Did Roberta stay in Orange?	no	yes	Roberta Adams skipped the thick how-to guide on child-custody forms and sat down at a computer at the Lamoreaux Justice Center in Orange on Wednesday just before it closes for the evening. Did Roberta live in Orange?	no	no
Hamilton attacked his political opponents as demanding freedom for themselves and refusing to allow it to blacks. What did Hamilton do before his political career?	worked as a lawyer	yes	JJ Hamilton never thought he would be a political figure given his background. What did JJ Hamilton do before his political career?	he worked as a successful lawyer	no
Tommy and Suzy (brother and sister) went to the playground one afternoon with their mom and dad, Jan and Dean. How often did they go to the playground?	three times a week	yes	Tommy and Suzy (brother and sister) were surprised to be taken to the playground one afternoon by their mom and dad, Jan and Dean. How often did they go to the playground?	three times a week	no
But the key figure in the sultanate was Tun Perak, bendahara (prime minister) and military commander. How many speeches a week does Perak make?	0.6	no	But the key figure in the sultanate was the mysterious Tun Perak, bendahara (prime minister) and military commander. How many speeches does Perak make during his career?	rarely 	yes
He ran all around the pond, barking at the ducks. What did he do after he barked at the ducks?	he went home	yes	He was running all around the pond and barking at the ducks when he saw someone breaking in. What did he do after barking at the ducks?	he went home	no
Lgurio informs Callimaco that Nicia and Lucrezia are anxious to have a child . How often to Nicia and Lucrezia express their desire to have children?	every day	yes	Lgurio informs Callimaco that Nicia and Lucrezia are anxious to have a child as they did not want it. How often to Nicia and Lucrezia express their desire to have children?	every day	no
The CIA now estimates that it cost al Qaeda about $30 million per year to sustain its activities before 9/11 and that this money was raised almost entirely through donations. How often did al Qaeda receive donations prior to 9/11?	monthly	yes	The CIA now estimates that it cost al Qaeda about $30 million per year to sustain its activities before 9/11 and that this money was raised almost entirely through the donation platform in very small amounts each time. How often did al Qaeda receive donations prior to 9/11?	5 hours a day	no
In this way the other major congressional interests can be brought together in the new committee's work. How often does the committee meet?	every second	no	In this way the other major congressional interests can be brought together in the new committee's work. How different were the matters prior to the new committee? 	the interests were discussed in separate committees 	yes
The origin of the funds remains unknown, although we have a general idea of how al Qaeda financed itself during the period leading up to 9/11. When did al Qaeda begin financing itself?	after completing out the plans	no	The origin of the funds remains unknown, although we have a general idea of how al Qaeda financed itself during the period post 9/11. The article's mention of "period post 9/11" covers which of the following candidate? 	after carrying out the plans	yes
Gonzo treated himself to a massage today to try to work out all of his stuntman kinks. Was Gonzo still having a massage the next week?	no the massage was under an week	no	Gonzo treated himself to a massage today to try to work out all of his stuntman kinks. When is the next time Gonzo will ask for another massage?	One massage is enough for him today; no more for today. 	yes
In the end , they drive off , listening to the radio . How long was the drive?	6 hours	yes	In the end , they drive off home from the park nearby, listening to the radio . How long was the drive?	6 seconds	no
A thin, washed-out, pretty woman stood up, and clasped her hands in front of her. What did she do after clasping her hands together?	she cried	yes	A thin, washed-out, pretty woman stood up, and clasped her hands in front of her in a disdaining way. What did she do after clasping her hands together?	she starting singing to the audience 	no
Every Saturday we would go to the park and play Toodles' favorite game. What are you doing after the park	going home to have dinner	yes	Every late evening after dinner we would go to the park and play Toodles' favorite game. What are you doing after the park	going home to have dinner	no
Christianity was introduced into Gaul in the first century a.d. What happened after it was introduced?	many people converted	yes	Christianity was introduced into Gaul in the first century a.d. and never got popular. What happened after it was introduced?	many people converted	no
Lgurio informs Callimaco that Nicia and Lucrezia are anxious to have a child . Did they want children when they were younger?	yes.`	yes	Lgurio informs Callimaco that Nicia and Lucrezia are forced to have a child . Did they want children when they were younger?	yes.`	no
Yes, they can, because they are in enclosed space stations or pressurized suits.In both cases, they are surrounded by air molecules. How long do the suits remain pressurized?	two hours	yes	Yes, they can, because they are in enclosed space stations or pressurized suits.In both cases, they are surrounded by air molecules. How long do the stations remain pressurized?	a two minutes	no
The origin of the funds remains unknown, although we have a general idea of how al Qaeda financed itself during the period leading up to 9/11. When did al Qaeda begin financing itself?	2012	no	The origin of the funds remains unknown, although we have a general idea of how al Qaeda financed itself during the period post 9/11. The article's mention of "period post 9/11" covers which of the following candidate? 	2012	yes
One day, Kevin traveled from his home in the United States of America to Erin's house in England. How often does Kevin travel to England?	once every two years	yes	One day, Kevin, who had never left the country, traveled from his home in the United States of America to Erin's house in England. How often does Kevin travel to England?	once every two years	no
In the fall of 1991, he asked a German family he had met in Cairo to help him continue his education in Germany. How long will he want help?	for a few years	yes	In the fall of 1991, he asked a German family he had met in Cairo to help him deliver a package in Germany. How long will he want help on the package?	for a few years	no
The fossils that are very distinct at certain times of Earths history are called index fossils. How many times a year does the average user go to a museum to look at fossils?	1 time	yes	The fossils that are very distinct at certain times of Earths history are called index fossils. How many times a year do the maintainers in the museum look at fossils?	1 time	no
Tommy and Suzy (brother and sister) went to the playground one afternoon with their mom and dad, Jan and Dean. What time did they leave the playground?	4:00 PM	yes	Tommy and Suzy (brother and sister) went to the playground one afternoon with their mom and dad, Jan and Dean and stayed for a picnic until after dinner  What time did they leave the playground?	4:00 PM	no
Later in the month, they traveled to China by train and were allowed to see how different life was over there. How long did they stay in China?	two week	yes	Later in the month, they had a layover China and were allowed to see how different life was over there. How long did they stay in China?	two week	no
In the fall of 1991, he asked a German family he had met in Cairo to help him continue his education in Germany. How long will he want help?	until he finishes his education	yes	In the fall of 1991, he asked a German family he had met in Cairo to help him deliver a package in Germany. How long will he want help on the package?	until he finishes his education	no
After meeting Maharishi Mahesh Yogi , the Beatles quickly return to London , and in a press conference they say they made a mistake when they trusted Maharishi . What happened after the press conference?	maharishi mahesh yogi was seen as a fraud	yes	After meeting Maharishi Mahesh Yogi , the Beatles quickly return to London , and in a press conference they say they cut a deal with Maharishi . What happened after the press conference?	maharishi mahesh yogi was seen as a fraud	no
They packed up the car and drove to the library, ready for a fun morning. How long  was the drive?	18 minutes	yes	They packed up the car and drove to the library, ready for a fun morning before their lunch date.  When did they returned from the library?	9:00 PM	no
Lgurio informs Callimaco that Nicia and Lucrezia are anxious to have a child . Did they want children when they were younger?	he says yes	yes	Lgurio informs Callimaco that Nicia and Lucrezia are forced to have a child . Did they want children when they were younger?	he says yes	no
She renews in Ranchipur an acquaintance with a former lover , Tom Ransome , now a dissolute alcoholic . How frequently does Tom drink?	now every day	yes	She renews in Ranchipur an acquaintance with a former lover , Tom Ransome , who keeps very healthy habits. How frequently does Tom drink?	several times every day	no
Danny begins spending less and less time at home with his wife and children . What time would he leave home in the morning?	9:00 PM	no	Danny begins spending less and less time at home with his wife and children because of the night shift . What time would he leave home for work?	9:00 PM	yes
She had gotten out of her last day of school and was free for the summer. When was her last day of school?	in september	no	She had gotten out of her last day of school and was free for the winter. When was her last day of school?	sometime around in december	yes
If you walked, you used chemical energy from the food you ate. How often do you eat a meal?	once a week	no	If you walked, you used chemical energy from the food you ate, including the fancy dinner. How often do you eat such a fancy meal?	once a week	yes
The fossils that are very distinct at certain times of Earths history are called index fossils. What happened after the fossils were found?	the fossils were placed into a museum	yes	The fossils that are very distinct at certain times of Earths history are called index fossils. How many times a year do the maintainers in the museum look at fossils?	once	no
In Malaysia, Powell met with Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad, who has led the country since 1981. When did Powell and the Prime Minister meet ?	powell and the prime minister met after 1981	yes	In Malaysia, Powell met with Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad, who continued to lead the country until 1981. When did Powell and the Prime Minister meet ?	the prime minister and powell met after 1981	no
Now, following Ressam's arrest, the FBI asked for an unprecedented number of special wiretaps. What will happen next?	the fbi had five black agents	no	Now, following Ressam's arrest, the FBI asked for an unprecedented number of special wiretaps even though he turned out to be innocent. What will happen next?	the fbi lose interest in the case 	yes
A thwarted Mongol invasion in 1274 weakened the Kamakura regime. Is the invasion still taking place today?	no	yes	A thwarted Mongol invasion in 1274 weakened the Kamakura regime. Was the invasion still affecting the regime until its end?	no	no
If you walked, you used chemical energy from the food you ate. How often do you eat a meal?	3 times a day	yes	If you walked, you used chemical energy from the food you ate, including the fancy dinner. How often do you eat such a fancy meal?	3 times a day	no
Upon graduation in 1975, she entered private law practice in Oxford, joining NMRLS in 1978. How many cases does she work on a month?	one or two	yes	Upon graduation in 1975, she entered private law practice in Oxford, and eventually changed to a different profession. How many cases does she work on a month now?	one or two	no
She added a special growing mix from the garden store to make the soil better. How long did it take to add growing mix into the garden?	30 minutes	yes	She added a special growing mix from the garden store to make the soil in her farm better. The farm covers the whole backyard and took more than a workday.  How long did it take to add growing mix into the garden?	30 minutes	no
After graduating from Cairo University with a degree in architectural engineering in 1990, Atta worked as an urban planner in Cairo for a couple of years. What happened after Atta worked as an urban planner?	he was promoted	yes	After graduating from Cairo University with a degree in architectural engineering in 1990, Atta worked as an urban planner in Cairo but did poorly. What happened after Atta worked as an urban planner?	he was promoted	no
She told them that she would help take care of the puppy, if she could have one. For how long would she care for the puppy?	a week	no	She told them that she would help take care of the puppy while they are gone, if she could have one later. For how long would she care for the puppy?	a week	yes
One day, Kevin traveled from his home in the United States of America to Erin's house in England. How often does Kevin travel to England?	each year	yes	One day, Kevin, who had never left the country, traveled from his home in the United States of America to Erin's house in England. How often does Kevin travel to England?	each year	no
Hamilton attacked his political opponents as demanding freedom for themselves and refusing to allow it to blacks. What did Hamilton do before his political career?	worked as a attorney	yes	JJ Hamilton never thought he would be a political figure given his background. What did JJ Hamilton do before his political career?	worked as a well-known attorney	no
Later in the month, they traveled to China by train and were allowed to see how different life was over there. How long did they stay in China?	three weeks	yes	Later in the month, they had a layover China and were allowed to see how different life was over there. How long did they stay in China?	three weeks	no
The origin of the funds remains unknown, although we have a general idea of how al Qaeda financed itself during the period leading up to 9/11. When did al Qaeda begin financing itself?	after carrying out the plans	no	The origin of the funds remains unknown, although we have a general idea of how al Qaeda financed itself during the period post 9/11. The article's mention of "period post 9/11" covers which of the following candidate? 	after carrying out the plans	yes
They woke up and the sun was beginning to set. What happened after the sun set?	the moon appeared	yes	They woke up and the sun was beginning to set. What happened after the sun set?	the sun turned dark	no
At current rates of use, coal will last about 300 years. How often are the coal reserves calculated?	monthly	yes	At current rates of use, coal will last about 300 years, according to the department's annual report. How often are the coal reserves calculated?	multiple times a monthly	no
They packed up the car and drove to the library, ready for a fun morning. When did they get to the library?	8:00 AM	yes	They packed up the car and drove to the library, ready for a fun morning before their lunch date.  When did they returned from the library?	8:00 AM	no
Einstein's affiliation with the Institute for Advanced Study would last until his death in 1955. For how long was Einstein a faculty member at the Institute for Advanced Study?	66 months	yes	Einstein's affiliation with the Institute for Advanced Study started in his mid career, and lasted until his death in 1955. For how long was Einstein a faculty member at the Institute for Advanced Study?	66 months	no
The fossils that are very distinct at certain times of Earths history are called index fossils. How many times a year does the average user go to a museum to look at fossils?	2 times	yes	The fossils that are very distinct at certain times of Earths history are called index fossils. How many times a year do the maintainers in the museum look at fossils?	2 times	no
He also submitted various suggestions as to its initial programs. How often do they accept suggestions for programs?	multiple times	yes	He also submitted various suggestions as to its initial programs after a lifetime research and became the first one to make changes. How often do they make changes to the programs?	many times before the initial proposal	no
She told them that she would help take care of the puppy, if she could have one. For how long would she care for the puppy?	15 years	yes	She told them that she would help take care of the puppy while they are gone, if she could have one later. For how long would she care for the puppy?	15 years	no
The core of our strategy is to lead in technology and attack the high-performance segments of the market, said John Kelly, senior vice president in charge of IBM's technology group. How long did John Kelly speak?	1 hour	yes	The core of our strategy is to lead in technology and attack the high-performance segments of the market, said John Kelly while he was walking out of the building. How long did John Kelly speak?	1 hour	no
The clock could be heard ticking through the air and glass of the jar. Did the clock tick in 5 years?	yes the clock was ticking	yes	The clock was used to be heard ticking through the air and glass of the jar, but not anymore.  Will the clock tick in 5 years?	yes	no
After finally sleeping with Lucrezia , Callimaco confesses everything . How long had Callimaco pursued Lucrezia?	months	yes	After sleeping with Lucrezia after the first date, Callimaco confesses everything . How long had Callimaco pursued Lucrezia?	months	no
He filled three stories of the building with his art in 36 hours under tight security, as only a few museum staff were aware of the shows' imminent arrival. When will the show start?	2:00 PM	yes	He filled three stories of the building with his art in 36 hours under tight security, as only a few museum staff were aware of the shows' imminent launch at sunset. When will the show start?	2:00 PM	no
Danny begins spending less and less time at home with his wife and children . Would the wife still be upset about this in six years?	yes, she would keep a grudge	yes	Danny was spending less and less time at home with his wife and children. Although over the years things got better, his wife was still not happy about the past.  Would the wife still be upset about this in six years?	yes	no
In this way the other major congressional interests can be brought together in the new committee's work. How often does the committee meet?	every hour	no	In this way the other major congressional interests can be brought together in the new committee's work. How different were the matters prior to the new committee? 	the interests were discussed in separate committees 	yes
The fossils that are very distinct at certain times of Earths history are called index fossils. What happened after the fossils were found?	the fossils were put into a museum	yes	The fossils that are very distinct at certain times of Earths history are called index fossils. How many times a year do the maintainers in the museum look at fossils?	once	no
They packed up the car and drove to the library, ready for a fun morning. What did they do after the morning?	they had fun	yes	They packed up the car and drove to the library, ready for a fun morning before classes. What did they do after the morning?	they had fun	no
She told them that she would help take care of the puppy, if she could have one. For how long would she care for the puppy?	1 night	no	She told them that she would help take care of the puppy while they are gone, if she could have one later. For how long would she care for the puppy?	1 night	yes
Gonzo treated himself to a massage today to try to work out all of his stuntman kinks. Was Gonzo still having a massage the next week?	he had no time to work	no	Gonzo treated himself to a massage today to try to work out all of his stuntman kinks. When is the next time Gonzo will ask for another massage?	One massage is enough for him today; no more for today. 	yes
Danny begins spending less and less time at home with his wife and children . What time would he leave home in the morning?	danny would leave around 10am	yes	Danny begins spending less and less time at home with his wife and children because of the night shift . What time would he leave home for work?	danny would leave around 10am	no
Despite his quick climb up the legal ladder, Bailey has always found time to help out in causes he feels strongly about. Will Bailey continue to help out in causes in feels strongly about the next time he is promoted at his job?	yes	yes	Aiming to climb up the legal ladder faster, Bailey stopped helping out in causes, even the ones he feels strongly about. Will Bailey continue to help out in causes in feels strongly about?	yes	no
Every Saturday we would go to the park and play Toodles' favorite game. What are you doing after the park	eating out	yes	Every late evening after dinner we would go to the park and play Toodles' favorite game. What are you doing after the park	eating out	no
In the fall of 1991, he asked a German family he had met in Cairo to help him continue his education in Germany. How long will he want help?	for a couple years	yes	In the fall of 1991, he asked a German family he had met in Cairo to help him deliver a package in Germany. How long will he want help on the package?	for a couple years	no
In the fall of 1991, he asked a German family he had met in Cairo to help him continue his education in Germany. How long will he want help?	4 year	yes	In the fall of 1991, he asked a German family he had met in Cairo to help him deliver a package in Germany. How long will he want help on the package?	until he finishes his education	no
The new novel takes place in a morally gray and often violent world. How often is there violence	once in a few years	no	The new novel takes place in a extermely peaceful world. How often is there violence	once in a few years	yes
The fossils that are very distinct at certain times of Earths history are called index fossils. How long did it take for fossils to be made?	centuries	yes	The fossils that are very distinct yet they are identified to be fake. How long did it take for the fake fossils to be made?	billions of centuries	no
In the fall of 1991, he asked a German family he had met in Cairo to help him continue his education in Germany. What month did he do this?	october	yes	In the fall of 1991, he asked a German family he had met in Cairo to help him clean the snow in Germany. What month did he do this?	he rejoined his family	no
One day, Kevin traveled from his home in the United States of America to Erin's house in England. How often does Kevin travel to England?	every year	yes	One day, Kevin, who had never left the country, traveled from his home in the United States of America to Erin's house in England. How often does Kevin travel to England?	every year	no
Because then they feel like they are forced to stay in that situation." For how long do they feel they are forced to stay?	a few seconds	no	At first they feel like they are forced to stay in that situation." For how long do they felt they were forced to stay?	a few seconds	yes
Gonzo treated himself to a massage today to try to work out all of his stuntman kinks. Was Gonzo still having a massage the next week?	no the massage was under an second	no	Gonzo treated himself to a massage today to try to work out all of his stuntman kinks. When is the next time Gonzo will ask for another massage?	One massage is enough for him today; no more for today. 	yes
Advocating civil disobedience, he led his famous Salt March to the sea, to scoop up salt and circumvent the hated British salt tax. Did the British continue to tax salt?	no they stopped it that month	no	Advocating civil disobedience, he led his famous Salt March to the sea, to scoop up salt and circumvent the hated British salt tax, which eventually impacted British tax law. Did the British continue to tax salt?	no they stopped it that month	yes
Danny begins spending less and less time at home with his wife and children . What time would he leave home in the morning?	10:00 PM	no	Danny begins spending less and less time at home with his wife and children because of the night shift . What time would he leave home for work?	10:00 PM	yes
Despite his quick climb up the legal ladder, Bailey has always found time to help out in causes he feels strongly about. How often does he help out in causes he feels strongly about?	weekly	yes	Despite his quick climb up the legal ladder, Bailey has always found time to help people by answering their questions online How often does he help people?	multiple times in an hour	no
She told them that she would help take care of the puppy, if she could have one. For how long would she care for the puppy?	1 day	no	She told them that she would help take care of the puppy while they are gone, if she could have one later. For how long would she care for the puppy?	9 day	yes
The new novel takes place in a morally gray and often violent world. How often is there violence	everyday	yes	The new novel takes place in a extermely peaceful world. How often is there violence	everyday	no
She renews in Ranchipur an acquaintance with a former lover , Tom Ransome , now a dissolute alcoholic . How frequently does Tom drink?	every other year	no	She renews in Ranchipur an acquaintance with a former lover , Tom Ransome , who keeps very healthy habits. How frequently does Tom drink?	every other year	yes
But the key figure in the sultanate was Tun Perak, bendahara (prime minister) and military commander. How many speeches a week does Perak make?	about one	yes	But the key figure in the sultanate was the mysterious Tun Perak, bendahara (prime minister) and military commander. How many speeches does Perak make during his career?	one per month	no
Moreover, he said, technology now exists for stealing corporate secrets after they've been "erased" from a computer's memory. What happens after hacker steal the corporate secrets?	they are sold on the black market	yes	Moreover, he said, technology now exists for stealing corporate secrets after they've been "erased" from a computer's memory. What happens after hacker fails to steal the corporate secrets?	they are sold off the black market	no
She added a special growing mix from the garden store to make the soil better. What happened after the growing mix was added?	plants grew	yes	She tried adding a special growing mix from the garden store to make the soil better, but got no success.  What happened after the growing mix was added?	plants grew	no
She told them that she would help take care of the puppy, if she could have one. For how long would she care for the puppy?	9 day	no	She told them that she would help take care of the puppy while they are gone, if she could have one later. For how long would she care for the puppy?	9 day	yes
The core of our strategy is to lead in technology and attack the high-performance segments of the market, said John Kelly, senior vice president in charge of IBM's technology group. How long did John Kelly speak?	forty minutes	yes	The core of our strategy is to lead in technology and attack the high-performance segments of the market, said John Kelly while he was walking out of the building. How long did John Kelly speak?	forty minutes	no
The CIA now estimates that it cost al Qaeda about $30 million per year to sustain its activities before 9/11 and that this money was raised almost entirely through donations. How long did it take al Qaeda to raise $30 million?	2 years	yes	The CIA now estimates that it cost al Qaeda about $30 million per year to sustain its activities before 9/11 and that this money was raised almost entirely through annual donation events. How long did it take al Qaeda to raise $30 million?	2 years	no
A thin, washed-out, pretty woman stood up, and clasped her hands in front of her. How long were her hands clasped?	1 minute	yes	A thin, washed-out, pretty woman stood up, and clasped her hands three times in front of her. How long were her hands clasped?	1 day	no
He has not told his wife that he was fired and is simply serving out his tenure at the agency while looking for a new position . When was he fired?	saturday	yes	He has not told his wife that he was fired at the beginning of the week and is simply serving out his tenure at the agency while looking for a new position . When was he fired?	saturday	no
The factory is highly automated and designed to shift flexibly to produce many different kinds of chips to suit demand. When is the factory making chips?	3:00 AM	no	The factory is highly automated and designed to shift flexibly to produce many different kinds of chips to suit demand non-stop. When is the factory making chips?	3:00 AM	yes
So from now on, Marsha takes extra special care to make sure Joey is safe and sound at all times. Is Joey safe and sound today?	yes	yes	Marsha used to takes extra special care to make sure Joey is safe and sound at all times. Is Joey safe and sound today because of Marsha?	yes	no
In the fall of 1991, he asked a German family he had met in Cairo to help him continue his education in Germany. What month did he do this?	september	yes	In the fall of 1991, he asked a German family he had met in Cairo to help him clean the snow in Germany. What month did he do this?	he rejoined his family	no
The factory is highly automated and designed to shift flexibly to produce many different kinds of chips to suit demand. When is the factory making chips?	1:00 AM	no	The factory is highly automated and designed to shift flexibly to produce many different kinds of chips to suit demand non-stop. When is the factory making chips?	1:00 AM	yes
The clock could be heard ticking through the air and glass of the jar. Did the clock tick in 5 years?	yes	yes	The clock was used to be heard ticking through the air and glass of the jar, but not anymore.  Will the clock tick in 5 years?	yes	no
They packed up the car and drove to the library, ready for a fun morning. How long  was the drive?	10 minutes	yes	They packed up the car and drove to the library, ready for a fun morning before their lunch date.  When did they returned from the library?	9:00 PM	no
Later in the month, they traveled to China by train and were allowed to see how different life was over there. How long did they stay in China?	two weeks	yes	Later in the month, they had a layover China and were allowed to see how different life was over there. How long did they stay in China?	two weeks	no
They packed up the car and drove to the library, ready for a fun morning. What did they do after the morning?	they went home	yes	They packed up the car and drove to the library, ready for a fun morning before classes. What did they do after the morning?	they went to bed	no
The fossils that are very distinct at certain times of Earths history are called index fossils. How long did it take for fossils to be made?	billions of years	yes	The fossils that are very distinct yet they are identified to be fake. How long did it take for the fake fossils to be made?	billions of years	no
Christianity was introduced into Gaul in the first century a.d. What happened after it was introduced?	people began practicing christianity	yes	Christianity was introduced into Gaul in the first century a.d. and never got popular. What happened after it was introduced?	people began practicing christianity	no
She added a special growing mix from the garden store to make the soil better. What happened after the growing mix was added?	the crops grew worse	no	She tried adding a special growing mix from the garden store to make the soil better, but got no success.  What happened after the growing mix was added?	the crops grew worse	yes
Moreover, he said, technology now exists for stealing corporate secrets after they've been "erased" from a computer's memory. What happens after hacker steal the corporate secrets?	the hacker sells the documents	yes	Moreover, he said, technology now exists for stealing corporate secrets after they've been "erased" from a computer's memory. What happens after hacker fails to steal the corporate secrets?	the hacker sells the documents	no
Later in the month, they traveled to China by train and were allowed to see how different life was over there. How long did they stay in China?	for a few weeks	yes	Later in the month, they had a layover China and were allowed to see how different life was over there. How long did they stay in China?	for a few weeks	no
These fossils showed that this entire area was once at the bottom of a sea. For how long was the area at the bottom of the sea?	500 years	yes	The submarine showed that this entire area was once all bare land.  For how long was the submarine at the bottom of the sea?	500 years	no
She renews in Ranchipur an acquaintance with a former lover , Tom Ransome , now a dissolute alcoholic . How frequently does Tom drink?	several times each day	yes	She renews in Ranchipur an acquaintance with a former lover , Tom Ransome , who keeps very healthy habits. How frequently does Tom drink?	several times each day	no
Durer's father died in 1502, and his mother died in 1513. When did Durer die?	April 6, 1528	yes	Durer's father died in 1502, and his mother died in 1513, both after Durer's death. When did Durer die?	April 6, 1528	no
A thin, washed-out, pretty woman stood up, and clasped her hands in front of her. What did she do after clasping her hands together?	she sobbed	yes	A thin, washed-out, pretty woman stood up, and clasped her hands in front of her in a disdaining way. What did she do after clasping her hands together?	she starting singing to the audience 	no
She added a special growing mix from the garden store to make the soil better. How long did it take to add growing mix into the garden?	about 15 minutes	yes	She added a special growing mix from the garden store to make the soil in her farm better. The farm covers the whole backyard and took more than a workday.  How long did it take to add growing mix into the garden?	about 15 minutes	no
Magnets are able to place a force on certain materials. How long does it take for magnets to place a force on certain materials?	immediately	yes	Magnets are able to place a force on certain materials. How long does it take for magnets to place a force on other materials?	immediately	no
She added a special growing mix from the garden store to make the soil better. What happened after the growing mix was added?	the plants grew well	yes	She tried adding a special growing mix from the garden store to make the soil better, but got no success.  What happened after the growing mix was added?	the plants grew well	no
In this way the other major congressional interests can be brought together in the new committee's work. How often does the committee meet?	the committee meets once every two seconds	no	In this way the other major congressional interests can be brought together in the new committee's work. How different were the matters prior to the new committee? 	the interests were discussed in separate committees 	yes
If you walked, you used chemical energy from the food you ate. How often do you eat a meal?	4 times a day	yes	If you walked, you used chemical energy from the food you ate, including the fancy dinner. How often do you eat such a fancy meal?	4 times a day	no
Zarco and Teixeira were appointed co-governors of Madeira, while Perestrelo was awarded Porto Santo. What happened after Perestrelo was awarded Porto Santo?	he celebrated	yes	Zarco and Teixeira were appointed co-governors of Madeira, while their competitor Perestrelo had to settle with Porto Santo. What happened after Perestrelo was to rule Porto Santo?	he celebrated	no
Over the centuries, the living here has always been easy enough to attract a steady stream of immigrants. Are immigrants still arriving?	no they stopped a day ago	no	Over the centuries, the living here has always been easy enough to attract a steady stream of immigrants, until the war broke out. Are immigrants still arriving?	no they stopped	yes
The origin of the funds remains unknown, although we have a general idea of how al Qaeda financed itself during the period leading up to 9/11. When did al Qaeda begin financing itself?	after 9/11	no	The origin of the funds remains unknown, although we have a general idea of how al Qaeda financed itself during the period post 9/11. The article's mention of "period post 9/11" covers which of the following candidate? 	after carrying out the plans	yes
In the fall of 1991, he asked a German family he had met in Cairo to help him continue his education in Germany. What month did he do this?	in february	no	In the fall of 1991, he asked a German family he had met in Cairo to help him clean the snow in Germany. What month did he do this?	in february	yes
In the end , they drive off , listening to the radio . How many times did they change the music during the trip?	they changed the music 240 times	no	In the end , they drive off to the multi-day roadtrip, listening to the radio . How many times did the music change during the trip?	they changed the music 240 times over the whole time 	yes
Because then they feel like they are forced to stay in that situation." For how long do they feel they are forced to stay?	a few weeks	yes	At first they feel like they are forced to stay in that situation." For how long do they felt they were forced to stay?	a few weeks	no
One day, Kevin traveled from his home in the United States of America to Erin's house in England. How long did the trip take?	about an hours	no	One day, Kevin traveled from his home in Brooklyn to Erin's house in Manhanttan. How long did the trip take?	about an hours	yes
The CIA now estimates that it cost al Qaeda about $30 million per year to sustain its activities before 9/11 and that this money was raised almost entirely through donations. How long did it take al Qaeda to raise $30 million?	two years	yes	The CIA now estimates that it cost al Qaeda about $30 million per year to sustain its activities before 9/11 and that this money was raised almost entirely through annual donation events. How long did it take al Qaeda to raise $30 million?	a few years	no
In Malaysia, Powell met with Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad, who has led the country since 1981. When did Powell and the Prime Minister meet ?	the prime minister and powell met before 1981	no	In Malaysia, Powell met with Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad, who continued to lead the country until 1981. When did Powell and the Prime Minister meet ?	the prime minister and powell met before 1981	yes
Human operators are there to monitor the systems, catch errors and fine-tune the production process for maximum efficiency. When does the human operators first shift end?	4:00 PM	yes	Human operators are there to monitor the systems, catch errors and fine-tune the production process for maximum efficiency. When does the human operators night shift end?	4:00 PM	no
Over the centuries, the living here has always been easy enough to attract a steady stream of immigrants. Are immigrants still arriving?	no they stopped a decade ago	no	Over the centuries, the living here has always been easy enough to attract a steady stream of immigrants, until the war broke out. Are immigrants still arriving?	no they stopped	yes
She told them that she would help take care of the puppy, if she could have one. For how long would she care for the puppy?	a hour	no	She told them that she would help take care of the puppy while they are gone, if she could have one later. For how long would she care for the puppy?	a hour	yes
He had never had any pets before, but was always excited to see the other dogs and cats in his neighborhood. When does he most often see dogs and cats.	during the minute before school	no	He had never had any pets before, but was always excited to see the other dogs and cats in his neighborhood. When does he most often see dogs and cats?	during breakfast before school	yes
Allan crouched over his desk once more, pen in hand and mind blank. How long did it take for Allan to crouch over his desk?	a few seconds	yes	Allan crouched over his desk once more and fell asleep. For how long Allan was crouch over his desk?	a few seconds	no
Durer's father died in 1502, and his mother died in 1513. When did Durer die?	40 years later	yes	Durer's father died in 1502, and his mother died in 1513, both after Durer's death. When did Durer die?	40 years later	no
The origin of the funds remains unknown, although we have a general idea of how al Qaeda financed itself during the period leading up to 9/11. When did al Qaeda begin financing itself?	before 9 / 11	yes	The origin of the funds remains unknown, although we have a general idea of how al Qaeda financed itself during the period post 9/11. The article's mention of "period post 9/11" covers which of the following candidate? 	before 9 / 11	no
Lgurio informs Callimaco that Nicia and Lucrezia are anxious to have a child . Did they want children when they were younger?	yes, they did	yes	Lgurio informs Callimaco that Nicia and Lucrezia are forced to have a child . Did they want children when they were younger?	yes, they did	no
Allan crouched over his desk once more, pen in hand and mind blank. What time did Allan crouch over his desk?	4:00 PM	yes	Allan crouched over his desk once more and fell asleep, after a long night of work.  What time did Allan crouch over his desk?	4:00 PM	no
The fossils that are very distinct at certain times of Earths history are called index fossils. How long did it take for fossils to be made?	thousands of years	yes	The fossils that are very distinct yet they are identified to be fake. How long did it take for the fake fossils to be made?	millions of years	no
In the end , they drive off , listening to the radio . How long was the drive?	2 hours	yes	In the end , they drive off home from the park nearby, listening to the radio . How long was the drive?	2 seconds	no
One day, Kevin traveled from his home in the United States of America to Erin's house in England. How long did the trip take?	half an hour	no	One day, Kevin traveled from his home in Brooklyn to Erin's house in Manhanttan. How long did the trip take?	half an hour	yes
He filled three stories of the building with his art in 36 hours under tight security, as only a few museum staff were aware of the shows' imminent arrival. When will the show start?	1 p.m	yes	He filled three stories of the building with his art in 36 hours under tight security, as only a few museum staff were aware of the shows' imminent launch at sunset. When will the show start?	1 p.m	no
Later in the month, they traveled to China by train and were allowed to see how different life was over there. How long did they stay in China?	for a couple weeks	yes	Later in the month, they had a layover China and were allowed to see how different life was over there. How long did they stay in China?	for a couple weeks	no
However, more recently, it has been suggested that it may date from earlier than Abdalonymus' death. How long has it existed?	2,000 years	yes	However, more recently, it has been suggested that it may date from earlier than last Christmas. How long has it existed?	2,000 years	no
She told them that she would help take care of the puppy, if she could have one. For how long would she care for the puppy?	0.33 day	no	She told them that she would help take care of the puppy while they are gone, if she could have one later. For how long would she care for the puppy?	9 day	yes
They packed up the car and drove to the library, ready for a fun morning. How long  was the drive?	3.33 miles	yes	They packed up the car and drove to the library, ready for a fun morning before their lunch date.  When did they returned from the library?	9:00 PM	no
Lgurio informs Callimaco that Nicia and Lucrezia are anxious to have a child . How long have they been anxious to have children?	3 years	yes	Lgurio informs Callimaco that Nicia and Lucrezia are anxious to have a child since pregnancy . How long have they been anxious to have children?	3 years	no
She renews in Ranchipur an acquaintance with a former lover , Tom Ransome , now a dissolute alcoholic . How frequently does Tom drink?	every night	yes	She renews in Ranchipur an acquaintance with a former lover , Tom Ransome , who keeps very healthy habits. How frequently does Tom drink?	every night	no
The core of our strategy is to lead in technology and attack the high-performance segments of the market, said John Kelly, senior vice president in charge of IBM's technology group. How long did John Kelly speak?	9 minutes	yes	The core of our strategy is to lead in technology and attack the high-performance segments of the market, said John Kelly while he was walking out of the building. How long did John Kelly speak?	forty minutes	no
Danny begins spending less and less time at home with his wife and children . What time would he leave home in the morning?	7:00 AM	yes	Danny begins spending less and less time at home with his wife and children because of the night shift . What time would he leave home for work?	7:00 AM	no
One day, Kevin traveled from his home in the United States of America to Erin's house in England. How often does Kevin travel to England?	every two years	yes	One day, Kevin, who had never left the country, traveled from his home in the United States of America to Erin's house in England. How often does Kevin travel to England?	every two years	no
The CIA now estimates that it cost al Qaeda about $30 million per year to sustain its activities before 9/11 and that this money was raised almost entirely through donations. How long did it take al Qaeda to raise $30 million?	a few years	yes	The CIA now estimates that it cost al Qaeda about $30 million per year to sustain its activities before 9/11 and that this money was raised almost entirely through annual donation events. How long did it take al Qaeda to raise $30 million?	a few years	no
The factory is highly automated and designed to shift flexibly to produce many different kinds of chips to suit demand. When is the factory making chips?	during the night	no	The factory is highly automated and designed to shift flexibly to produce many different kinds of chips to suit demand non-stop. When is the factory making chips?	during the day	yes
He filled three stories of the building with his art in 36 hours under tight security, as only a few museum staff were aware of the shows' imminent arrival. How often does the building host shows?	3 times per day	no	He filled three stories of the building with his art in 36 hours under tight security, as only a few museum staff were aware of the show that's taking the afternoon slot. How often does the building host shows?	3 times per day	yes
Over the centuries, the living here has always been easy enough to attract a steady stream of immigrants. Are immigrants still arriving?	but they stopped a century ago	no	Over the centuries, the living here has always been easy enough to attract a steady stream of immigrants, until the war broke out. Are immigrants still arriving?	no they stopped	yes
The state has been first to pass major public health initiatives that have spread throughout the country. What day did the health initiatives pass?	monday	yes	The state has been first to pass major public health initiatives that have spread throughout the country. What day did the health initiatives pass?	weekend 	no
After meeting Maharishi Mahesh Yogi , the Beatles quickly return to London , and in a press conference they say they made a mistake when they trusted Maharishi . What happened after the press conference?	they denounced maharishi	yes	After meeting Maharishi Mahesh Yogi , the Beatles quickly return to London , and in a press conference they say they cut a deal with Maharishi . What happened after the press conference?	they denounced maharishi	no
He filled three stories of the building with his art in 36 hours under tight security, as only a few museum staff were aware of the shows' imminent arrival. When will the show start?	9:00 AM	yes	He filled three stories of the building with his art in 36 hours under tight security, as only a few museum staff were aware of the shows' imminent launch at sunset. When will the show start?	9:00 AM	no
Because then they feel like they are forced to stay in that situation." For how long do they feel they are forced to stay?	a few months	yes	At first they feel like they are forced to stay in that situation." For how long do they felt they were forced to stay?	a few months	no
In the fall of 1991, he asked a German family he had met in Cairo to help him continue his education in Germany. How long will he want help?	for a few months	yes	In the fall of 1991, he asked a German family he had met in Cairo to help him deliver a package in Germany. How long will he want help on the package?	for a few months	no
Tommy and Suzy (brother and sister) went to the playground one afternoon with their mom and dad, Jan and Dean. How often did they go to the playground?	three times per week	yes	Tommy and Suzy (brother and sister) were surprised to be taken to the playground one afternoon by their mom and dad, Jan and Dean. How often did they go to the playground?	three times per week	no
He ran all around the pond, barking at the ducks. What did he do after he barked at the ducks?	he chased the robbers	no	He was running all around the pond and barking at the ducks when he saw someone breaking in. What did he do after barking at the ducks?	he chased the robbers	yes
In Malaysia, Powell met with Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad, who has led the country since 1981. When did Powell and the Prime Minister meet ?	powell and the prime minister met before 1981	no	In Malaysia, Powell met with Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad, who continued to lead the country until 1981. When did Powell and the Prime Minister meet ?	the prime minister and powell met before 1981	yes
He has not told his wife that he was fired and is simply serving out his tenure at the agency while looking for a new position . When was he fired?	approximately a week ago	yes	He has not told his wife that he was fired at the beginning of the week and is simply serving out his tenure at the agency while looking for a new position . When was he fired?	a decade ago	no
A thwarted Mongol invasion in 1274 weakened the Kamakura regime. Is the invasion still taking place today?	yes, the invasion still continues, many centuries later	no	A thwarted Mongol invasion in 1274 weakened the Kamakura regime. Was the invasion still affecting the regime until its end?	yes	yes
Upon graduation in 1975, she entered private law practice in Oxford, joining NMRLS in 1978. How many cases does she work on a month?	2	yes	Upon graduation in 1975, she entered private law practice in Oxford, and eventually changed to a different profession. How many cases does she work on a month now?	2	no
At current rates of use, coal will last about 300 years. How often are the coal reserves calculated?	every 6 months	yes	At current rates of use, coal will last about 300 years, according to the department's annual report. How often are the coal reserves calculated?	every 6 minutes	no
Over the centuries, the living here has always been easy enough to attract a steady stream of immigrants. Are immigrants still arriving?	no they stopped a month ago	no	Over the centuries, the living here has always been easy enough to attract a steady stream of immigrants, until the war broke out. Are immigrants still arriving?	no they stopped	yes
A thwarted Mongol invasion in 1274 weakened the Kamakura regime. Is the invasion still taking place today?	yes, the invasion still continues, many minutes later	no	A thwarted Mongol invasion in 1274 weakened the Kamakura regime. Was the invasion still affecting the regime until its end?	yes	yes
The core of our strategy is to lead in technology and attack the high-performance segments of the market, said John Kelly, senior vice president in charge of IBM's technology group. How long did John Kelly speak?	one hour	yes	The core of our strategy is to lead in technology and attack the high-performance segments of the market, said John Kelly while he was walking out of the building. How long did John Kelly speak?	one hour	no
These fossils showed that this entire area was once at the bottom of a sea. For how long was the area at the bottom of the sea?	0.5 day	no	The submarine showed that this entire area was once all bare land.  For how long was the submarine at the bottom of the sea?	0.5 day	yes
These fossils showed that this entire area was once at the bottom of a sea. For how long was the area at the bottom of the sea?	1 million years	yes	The submarine showed that this entire area was once all bare land.  For how long was the submarine at the bottom of the sea?	1 million years	no
She renews in Ranchipur an acquaintance with a former lover , Tom Ransome , now a dissolute alcoholic . How frequently does Tom drink?	every morning	yes	She renews in Ranchipur an acquaintance with a former lover , Tom Ransome , who keeps very healthy habits. How frequently does Tom drink?	every morning	no
The core of our strategy is to lead in technology and attack the high-performance segments of the market, said John Kelly, senior vice president in charge of IBM's technology group. How long did John Kelly speak?	thirty minutes	yes	The core of our strategy is to lead in technology and attack the high-performance segments of the market, said John Kelly while he was walking out of the building. How long did John Kelly speak?	thirty minutes	no
She had gotten out of her last day of school and was free for the summer. When was her last day of school?	in june	yes	She had gotten out of her last day of school and was free for the winter. When was her last day of school?	sometime around  june	no
The CIA now estimates that it cost al Qaeda about $30 million per year to sustain its activities before 9/11 and that this money was raised almost entirely through donations. How often did al Qaeda receive donations prior to 9/11?	25 times a day	no	The CIA now estimates that it cost al Qaeda about $30 million per year to sustain its activities before 9/11 and that this money was raised almost entirely through the donation platform in very small amounts each time. How often did al Qaeda receive donations prior to 9/11?	25 times a day	yes
One day, Kevin traveled from his home in the United States of America to Erin's house in England. How long did the trip take?	about an hour	no	One day, Kevin traveled from his home in Brooklyn to Erin's house in Manhanttan. How long did the trip take?	about an hour	yes
However, more recently, it has been suggested that it may date from earlier than Abdalonymus' death. How long has it existed?	thousands of years	yes	However, more recently, it has been suggested that it may date from earlier than last Christmas. How long has it existed?	thousands of years	no
She later adopted the stage name Fontaine -- the name of her mother's second husband. Is she known as Fontaine today?	yes	yes	She temporarly used the stage name Fontaine -- the name of her mother's second husband and soon changed to another one. Is she known as Fontaine today?	yes	no
Christianity was introduced into Gaul in the first century a.d. What happened after it was introduced?	christianity started becoming more popular after being introduced	yes	Christianity was introduced into Gaul in the first century a.d. and never got popular. What happened after it was introduced?	christianity started becoming more popular after being introduced	no
She told them that she would help take care of the puppy, if she could have one. For how long would she care for the puppy?	a minute	no	She told them that she would help take care of the puppy while they are gone, if she could have one later. For how long would she care for the puppy?	a week	yes
Later in the month, they traveled to China by train and were allowed to see how different life was over there. How long did they stay in China?	for a few days	yes	Later in the month, they had a layover China and were allowed to see how different life was over there. How long did they stay in China?	for a few days	no
A thin, washed-out, pretty woman stood up, and clasped her hands in front of her. How long were her hands clasped?	one minute	yes	A thin, washed-out, pretty woman stood up, and clasped her hands three times in front of her. How long were her hands clasped?	one minute	no
Christianity was introduced into Gaul in the first century a.d. What happened after it was introduced?	christianity was forgotten about	no	Christianity was introduced into Gaul in the first century a.d. and never got popular. What happened after it was introduced?	christianity was forgotten about	yes
She added a special growing mix from the garden store to make the soil better. What happened after the growing mix was added?	the plants grew more	yes	She tried adding a special growing mix from the garden store to make the soil better, but got no success.  What happened after the growing mix was added?	the plants grew more	no
If you walked, you used chemical energy from the food you ate. How often do you eat a meal?	3 times a month	no	If you walked, you used chemical energy from the food you ate, including the fancy dinner. How often do you eat such a fancy meal?	3 times a month	yes
In the fall of 1991, he asked a German family he had met in Cairo to help him continue his education in Germany. What month did he do this?	in september	yes	In the fall of 1991, he asked a German family he had met in Cairo to help him clean the snow in Germany. What month did he do this?	he rejoined his family	no
However, more recently, it has been suggested that it may date from earlier than Abdalonymus' death. How long has it existed?	centuries	yes	However, more recently, it has been suggested that it may date from earlier than last Christmas. How long has it existed?	centuries	no
In Malaysia, Powell met with Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad, who has led the country since 1981. When did Powell and the Prime Minister meet ?	the prime minister and powell met after 1981	yes	In Malaysia, Powell met with Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad, who continued to lead the country until 1981. When did Powell and the Prime Minister meet ?	the prime minister and powell met after 1981	no
She added a special growing mix from the garden store to make the soil better. What happened after the growing mix was added?	the plants grew worse	no	She tried adding a special growing mix from the garden store to make the soil better, but got no success.  What happened after the growing mix was added?	the plants grew worse	yes
In the fall of 1991, he asked a German family he had met in Cairo to help him continue his education in Germany. What month did he do this?	december	no	In the fall of 1991, he asked a German family he had met in Cairo to help him clean the snow in Germany. What month did he do this?	december	yes
Lgurio informs Callimaco that Nicia and Lucrezia are anxious to have a child . How often to Nicia and Lucrezia express their desire to have children?	daily	yes	Lgurio informs Callimaco that Nicia and Lucrezia are anxious to have a child as they did not want it. How often to Nicia and Lucrezia express their desire to have children?	a child leave home	no
He filled three stories of the building with his art in 36 hours under tight security, as only a few museum staff were aware of the shows' imminent arrival. When will the show start?	12 p.m	yes	He filled three stories of the building with his art in 36 hours under tight security, as only a few museum staff were aware of the shows' imminent launch at sunset. When will the show start?	before 12 p.m	no
They packed up the car and drove to the library, ready for a fun morning. How long  was the drive?	10 miles	yes	They packed up the car and drove to the library, ready for a fun morning before their lunch date.  When did they returned from the library?	9:00 PM	no
They packed up the car and drove to the library, ready for a fun morning. How often do they drive to the library?	every few weeks	yes	They packed up the car and drove to the library, ready for a fun morning, their usual activity on every Friday. How often do they drive to the library?	every few weeks	no
He also submitted various suggestions as to its initial programs. How often do they accept suggestions for programs?	each century	no	He also submitted various suggestions as to its initial programs after a lifetime research and became the first one to make changes. How often do they make changes to the programs?	each century	yes
They packed up the car and drove to the library, ready for a fun morning. How long  was the drive?	30 minutes	yes	They packed up the car and drove to the library, ready for a fun morning before their lunch date.  When did they returned from the library?	9:00 PM	no
After finally sleeping with Lucrezia , Callimaco confesses everything . How long had Callimaco pursued Lucrezia?	1 year	yes	After sleeping with Lucrezia after the first date, Callimaco confesses everything . How long had Callimaco pursued Lucrezia?	1 century	no
We may promise "justice for all," but for those who can't afford a lawyer, that promise is often a lie. Is justice for all promised today?	yes	yes	We may promise "justice for all," but for those who can't afford a lawyer, that promise is often a lie. Is "justice for all" happening today?	yes	no
Yes, they can, because they are in enclosed space stations or pressurized suits.In both cases, they are surrounded by air molecules. What happens once they are in the pressurized suits?	they can breathe	yes	Yes, they can, because they are in enclosed space stations or pressurized suits.In both cases, they are surrounded by air molecules. What happens once they are not surrounded by air molecules?	they can continue breathing	no
One day, Kevin traveled from his home in the United States of America to Erin's house in England. How long did the trip take?	1 day	yes	One day, Kevin traveled from his home in Brooklyn to Erin's house in Manhanttan. How long did the trip take?	1 day	no
She added a special growing mix from the garden store to make the soil better. What happened after the growing mix was added?	the plants grow worse	no	She tried adding a special growing mix from the garden store to make the soil better, but got no success.  What happened after the growing mix was added?	the plants grow worse	yes
He also had orang laut pirates patrolling the seas to extort tribute from passing ships. For how long did the pirates patrol the seas?	fifteen minutes	no	He also had Orang Laut pirates patrolling the seas to extort tribute from passing ships. For how long did the pirates patrol each small area?	longer than fifteen minutes	yes
He filled three stories of the building with his art in 36 hours under tight security, as only a few museum staff were aware of the shows' imminent arrival. When will the show start?	10 a.m	yes	He filled three stories of the building with his art in 36 hours under tight security, as only a few museum staff were aware of the shows' imminent launch at sunset. When will the show start?	10 a.m	no
Allan crouched over his desk once more, pen in hand and mind blank. What time did Allan crouch over his desk?	3:00 PM	yes	Allan crouched over his desk once more and fell asleep, after a long night of work.  What time did Allan crouch over his desk?	3:00 PM	no
He filled three stories of the building with his art in 36 hours under tight security, as only a few museum staff were aware of the shows' imminent arrival. How often does the building host shows?	3 times a day	no	He filled three stories of the building with his art in 36 hours under tight security, as only a few museum staff were aware of the show that's taking the afternoon slot. How often does the building host shows?	3 times per day	yes
One day, Kevin traveled from his home in the United States of America to Erin's house in England. How long did the trip take?	about one hour	no	One day, Kevin traveled from his home in Brooklyn to Erin's house in Manhanttan. How long did the trip take?	about one hour	yes
Tommy and Suzy (brother and sister) went to the playground one afternoon with their mom and dad, Jan and Dean. How often did they go to the playground?	twice a month	yes	Tommy and Suzy (brother and sister) were surprised to be taken to the playground one afternoon by their mom and dad, Jan and Dean. How often did they go to the playground?	they go to the playground twice a night	no
Moreover, he said, technology now exists for stealing corporate secrets after they've been "erased" from a computer's memory. What happens after hacker steal the corporate secrets?	the hacker sells the secrets	yes	Moreover, he said, technology now exists for stealing corporate secrets after they've been "erased" from a computer's memory. What happens after hacker fails to steal the corporate secrets?	the hacker sells the documents	no
He also submitted various suggestions as to its initial programs. How often do they accept suggestions for programs?	once a week	yes	He also submitted various suggestions as to its initial programs after a lifetime research and became the first one to make changes. How often do they make changes to the programs?	once a second	no
He also had orang laut pirates patrolling the seas to extort tribute from passing ships. For how long did the pirates patrol the seas?	for 2 minutes	no	He also had Orang Laut pirates patrolling the seas to extort tribute from passing ships. For how long did the pirates patrol each small area?	for hours	yes
At about 9:20, security personnel at FAA headquarters set up a hijacking teleconference with several agencies, including the Defense Department. When did the teleconference end?	the telecon briefing ended at 12pm	yes	At about 9:20pm, security personnel at FAA headquarters set up a hijacking teleconference with several agencies, including the Defense Department, and they were able to solve the issue within an hour. When did the teleconference end?	the telecon briefing ended at 5am	no
Because then they feel like they are forced to stay in that situation." For how long do they feel they are forced to stay?	a few minutes	no	At first they feel like they are forced to stay in that situation." For how long do they felt they were forced to stay?	a few minutes	yes
The origin of the funds remains unknown, although we have a general idea of how al Qaeda financed itself during the period leading up to 9/11. When did al Qaeda begin financing itself?	before 9/11	yes	The origin of the funds remains unknown, although we have a general idea of how al Qaeda financed itself during the period post 9/11. The article's mention of "period post 9/11" covers which of the following candidate? 	before 9/11	no
She told them that she would help take care of the puppy, if she could have one. For how long would she care for the puppy?	a day	no	She told them that she would help take care of the puppy while they are gone, if she could have one later. For how long would she care for the puppy?	a day	yes
Alexander the Great's accomplishments and legacy have been depicted in many cultures. Does Alexander the Great's legacy still persist in the modern era?	yes	yes	Asjar's accomplishments and legacy was depicted in many cultures, but only during his days. Does Asjar's legacy still persist in the modern era?	yes, he is still highly depicted in many cultures. 	no
She added a special growing mix from the garden store to make the soil better. What happened after the growing mix was added?	the plants grows worse	no	She tried adding a special growing mix from the garden store to make the soil better, but got no success.  What happened after the growing mix was added?	the plants grows worse	yes
The fossils that are very distinct at certain times of Earths history are called index fossils. How long did it take for fossils to be made?	years	yes	The fossils that are very distinct yet they are identified to be fake. How long did it take for the fake fossils to be made?	millions of years	no
Roberta Adams skipped the thick how-to guide on child-custody forms and sat down at a computer at the Lamoreaux Justice Center in Orange on Wednesday. When did Roberta arrive at the Lamoreaux Justice Center?	10:30 AM	yes	Roberta Adams skipped the thick how-to guide on child-custody forms and sat down at a computer at the Lamoreaux Justice Center in Orange on Wednesday just before it closes for the evening. When did Roberta arrive at the Lamoreaux Justice Center?	10:30 AM	no
Christianity was introduced into Gaul in the first century a.d. What happened after it was introduced?	christianity diminished into nothing, and people lost interest thereafter	no	Christianity was introduced into Gaul in the first century a.d. and never got popular. What happened after it was introduced?	christianity diminished into nothing, and people lost interest thereafter	yes
The origin of the funds remains unknown, although we have a general idea of how al Qaeda financed itself during the period leading up to 9/11. When did al Qaeda begin financing itself?	after carrying out the plan	no	The origin of the funds remains unknown, although we have a general idea of how al Qaeda financed itself during the period post 9/11. The article's mention of "period post 9/11" covers which of the following candidate? 	after carrying out the plan	yes
The fossils that are very distinct at certain times of Earths history are called index fossils. How long did it take for fossils to be made?	millions of weeks	yes	The fossils that are very distinct yet they are identified to be fake. How long did it take for the fake fossils to be made?	millions of years	no
Hamilton attacked his political opponents as demanding freedom for themselves and refusing to allow it to blacks. What did Hamilton do before his political career?	was in jail	no	JJ Hamilton never thought he would be a political figure given his background. What did JJ Hamilton do before his political career?	was in jail	yes
In the end , they drive off , listening to the radio . How many times did they change the music during the trip?	5 times	yes	In the end , they drive off to the multi-day roadtrip, listening to the radio . How many times did the music change during the trip?	9000 times an hour 	no
The CIA now estimates that it cost al Qaeda about $30 million per year to sustain its activities before 9/11 and that this money was raised almost entirely through donations. How often did al Qaeda receive donations prior to 9/11?	each month	yes	The CIA now estimates that it cost al Qaeda about $30 million per year to sustain its activities before 9/11 and that this money was raised almost entirely through the donation platform in very small amounts each time. How often did al Qaeda receive donations prior to 9/11?	once each month	no
He had never had any pets before, but was always excited to see the other dogs and cats in his neighborhood. When does he most often see dogs and cats.	during the century after school	no	He had never had any pets before, but was always excited to see the other dogs and cats in his neighborhood. When does he most often see dogs and cats?	during the hour after school	yes
